So for example if I tell people that I think than capitalism is the fairest way to manage finance , people just go crazy once they even called the police because we were both on campus and they had a stand asking for peoples opinions so I stepped up and they went crazy the police dismissed them and told me to call if they bothered me again . What I am concluding is that alot of people that claim they are open to all ideas are not , especially the radical left and right .
This is all good advice and I’m glad to see you’ve actually taken my points seriously and given a well thought out response this time. My position it is ultimately not that the minimum wage shouldn’t or should be raised, it is that without also setting a maximum wage and fixed prices it is ultimately a pointless political gesture to manipulate people at the bottom into putting people at the top in power once again with their preaching of a better life. I am not advocating for price-fixing or a maximum wage, mind you. What I would ultimately like to see is technology replace all unskilled labor and elevate us all closer towards a Gene Roddenberry vision. 

If the minimum wage really was the solution to poverty then why didn’t the existing one work? Let me also ask you, if you truly cared about the suffering of the least among us, to go to your union, employer, representative and demand fair wages, safety standards, and other labor practices be a condition of material or product sourcing from other countries or demand returning that manufacturing here and prepare *yourself* for *that* coming cost increase. Just recently watched a special on sulfur mining in pacific Island nations and will be donating to provide them safety equipment myself. 
The fact is that even minimum wage earners in the United States are living luxuriously on the backs of the poorer nations but that doesn’t seem to be on the talking point list cause that’s not the message of free stuff, it’s the message of asking all of us to sacrifice, not just those mythical bottomless pockets millionaires and billionaires
Gaetz: "Hey want to see some pics of some chicks I scored with?"

Bernie: "I am once again asking you to stop showing me nudes!"
&gt;Like once again I am asking you if you unironically believe that Amazon didn’t actively lobby for these.

They quite literally didn't. They've existed since before Amazon did... And neither NOL carryfowards nor R&amp;D credits are "loopholes"
But they did pay for politicians in order to expand on and keep these tax loopholes. Like once again I am asking you if you unironically believe that Amazon didn’t actively lobby for these.
&gt; Am I a racist to think we need ID to vote then? 

Is the reason you're asking for an ID to slow up the system like the Republicans are doing so there's 10 hour lines to vote?

I wouldn't even attempt to assume anything about any individual internet user in any context but if your goal is to suppress votes from communities that have a harder time taking a day or 2 off work to get this ID I might question this commentary in the same way I question the Republicans legislative goals.

In my state we vote by mail. What would be the issue with that? I showed my ID once and have never been asked again. It's simple and doesn't result in water breaks waiting in lines 10 hours to vote. Targeting marginalized communities, of color or otherwise, is the issue here. If you're into giving every single human in America the legal entitlement to get their ID and vote before the election there wouldn't need to be anything else to be said. But that's not what's being suggested by the Republicans in legislating bodies regarding this, so we can talk about what independent individuals want and that's one thing, but if what we're talking about is opposed by Republicans in charge of these laws than our commentary is just 2 random people having opinions that Republicans in charge oppose.
I am once again asking for Republicans to go cry about it.
&gt;I looked at whether pregnancies were occurring at similar rates on deployment or when there wasn't a scheduled deployment for several months(ex: we're in the shipyard for a year).

The exact thing I said would guarantee confirmation bias, because the data does not account for all variables. It's no surprise you found the result you did. Are you able to provide that data to have someone double-check your interpretation at least?

&gt;They were all in their 20s in their first contract. 

Obviously that is not the only criteria in people's lives that influences the decision and ability to get pregnant. Your data set doesn't account for anything else?

&gt;I'm not sure what you mean by status of subject and partner.

"It takes two to tango" as it were. If someone wants to raise a family with their partner, their partner's availability is required. Baby booms can occur because the partners are returning from deployment. As for "status" I mean things like rate of pay, downtime, etc. required to make the time right for a family. Increases in total family income can cause spikes in pregnancy too, as the threshold of "not the right time" is crossed. Does your data set account for either?

&gt;"high stress job" is subjective.

"Similar stress job" then.

&gt;The majority of couples trying to get pregnant are so within 3 months(68%)...

&gt;If you're suddenly pregnant 1 month before deployment, knowing 4-6 months ahead of time the window for it...

So if someone is trying to get pregnant for any reason during the year, they have a 30-50% chance of their pregnancy falling in the range of suspicion for you, as you've claimed up to half the entire year as suspicious timing. Do you not see the problem there?

&gt;and this happens among several women all at the same time, that's a planned spike.

That's a fallacious conclusion, and once again assuming malice without proof. Just as if my saying the holes in the birdshot target that line up, are proof that the pellets conspired with one another. 

&gt;Not a great analogy. 

It's a great analogy thank you very much.

&gt;The range of possible scatter and is range dependent.

The range of scatter is limited, just like the number of pellets is limited, and the number of possible days in a year to conceive is limited. I was talking simply about overlap and inventing patterns in random data after the fact. But you blocking off up to half a year is like me saying that any pellets that hit left of the bullseye did so out of laziness, and any holes that line up on the left are proof they cordinated with eachother to do so. It tosses out all the other possible factors to construct a narrative which, on the surface could make sense, but can't stand any actual scrutiny or investigation. 

&gt;I agree that's a problem.

The problem is that you are drawing conclusions from data you admit is incomplete. That's irresponsible.

&gt;You can check it against billets that don't have deployments at all..

Same problem with needing to ensure all other factors are the same. For example, if there were 2 hospital wards, and one used twice the number of bedpans as the other, I *could* say that it's because the one has more millennials, and millennials crave attention. When in actuality, bedpan use could be the same between all conscious people, and the other ward just has more people in comas. You need to account for **all** the variables, or your data is useless and your conclusions will be bullshit. 

&gt;I mean alibis exist. If you're literally unconscious while getting surgery, you couldn't have murdered someone who died during the time you were under.

Alibis don't **prove** your innocence, they just raise the bar for the prosecution to prove your guilt. If the burden was on you then they could just claim you can murder people while unconscious, or time travel, or had a disposable clone, or that the doctor is in on it, you broke in mission impossible style and altered the records, etc. etc. 

You can't prove a negative. Just ask any conspiracy theorist or doomsday cult. This is basic logic and reasoning.

&gt;It's inferring opportunism.

I'm using "malice" as shorthand for "bad action" but if you prefer to call it opportunism that's fine. You don't have the evidence to prove that either way. 

&gt;Dubious how? What evidence do you have they're dubious?

And now you're trying to reverse the burden of proof. I have said already how your incomplete data sets (which you admit are incomplete, and I have not seen myself, and that I am only capable of relying on you to represent accurately) can lead to flawed conclusions. I don't have to prove that, you have to prove that your data is accurate and your conclusions sound. So far you haven't.

&gt;Who stands to gain by lying about it?

You don't need to assume malice where ignorance will suffice. Three coworkers can come up to you and all pass on incomplete rumors of the same event, and it will seem like 3 separate events. They don't need to lie to accidentally mislead you.

And that's setting aside the confirmation bias of people who have an axe to grind, automatically assuming the worst in their target. They don't need to lie to you on purpose for what they are telling you to be a lie. 

&gt;One should probably be asking why the data that could show it is or isn't true would be available.

That's conspiracy thinking. Assuming some kind of suppression because nobody else wants to waste the time effort and money to collate that data. This is why science needs grant money, because the data usually isn't already neatly packaged and free of bias. 

I want you to reread the next part of your reply and see if you can spot all the assumptions and correlations you make.

&gt;Having observed clear double standards in treatment for men and women in the military for doing the same thing, that informs the skepticism of why **the unavailability of data could be politically motivated**. If I was right, then **the military would be in a pickle** of having to hold women equally accountable as men, but also be supportive of women's reproductive health. **It's politically untenable to question anything women demand** in the latter, so it should be **unsurprising if they were hide it**(if it were true); **if it wasn't true and they had the data to vindicate that, they would provide it** as it would quash unfair perceptions and show support for women.

&gt;So they either don't bother to look, **presumably out of fear for what they might find,** or they don't bother to reveal what they've found, **knowing it makes them look bad.**

You sound exactly like a flat earther or other conspiracy theorist. "If the earth was flat, governments would be in a pickle", "suppression of our views is politically motivated", "if NASA has evidence of (latest delusion), why don't they release it to quash the rumors?" "Scientists won't look at our evidence, out of fear of what they might find". 

It's lunacy. It's starting with the conclusion in mind, and working backwards. You need to recognize that and stop before it makes you go off the deep end in believing crazy things like these people. 

Like I said before, looking for *supporting data* risks confirmation bias. And the data you say you have found, you admit is incomplete. So how on earth can you be justified in drawing your conclusions from incomplete data and a process riddled with bias? You can't.
I am once again asking you for belly rubs.
I am once again asking for your financial support
The Republicans might get into trouble as Ted Cruz seems to run off and abandon everyone when things get dicey

Would watch for Bernie to say "I am once again asking, for us to form Voltron"
I grew up poor in the 60's and 70's. I never went to college because I knew I couldn't afford it. When I looked into student loans I realized once again, I could never afford to pay those back so I didn't go to college. I got a job and made my way the best I could, living within my means, never declaring bankruptcy or creating overwhelming credit card debt. I am responsible for my actions and my lot in life.

Why should I pay, with my taxes, for the shortsighted actions of others? 

Why do I owe anyone a "get out of the mess you created yourself" card?

That college degree, that I am now being asked to pay for thru my taxes, allowed them to have a much more abundant life than myself. I played by the rules, people wanting student loan forgiveness are not. They want to change the rules so they benefit them, not me or all the others who play by the rules.

How do you justify bailing people out who made bad choices of their own freewill?

I have suffered the real world consequences of every bad choice I have made. I did not expect anyone to bail me out and no one ever did, least of all the government.

I have posed very reasonable questions here that a lot of Americans are asking right now.

65% of American do not have a college degree. Why should they be bailing out the other 35%?
Well, where do you draw the line? When they’re outwardly inciting violence, supporting racist agendas, or when they support those that do? I am asking seriously. I once heard what I thought was a genuine argument at the time: “we voted for Trump because I know how bad Hilary would be.” Then, they voted for Trump again.

Calling someone an enemy because of their political party seems ridiculous *unless* it stopped being about politics. I have a whole third of my family that would rather I be dead or change my party affiliation, and *they’re the ones saying it’s just politics.* It’s not funny, it’s not a joke, and when people say shit like “we would have killed congressmen if we had guns,” we all need to be taking them seriously.
&gt;No. The catch and release policy. Illegal border crossings are SIGNIFICANTLY up from last year, 2 years ago, etc. also the amnesty track policy for illegal immigrants.

Okay.  Can you show me some numbers?  We might be able to establish correlation.  Not sure about causation.

&gt;And again, who built the cages.

You never asked this question and you already answered it.  So why are you asking and adding "again"?

Yet once again you dodged the question:  **Who blocked funding for better accomodations?**

&gt;Why did the Hispanic community in particular protest so many Biden events during the primaries?

You don't get to ask questions while dodging questions (:

&gt;As a biden supporter

I support Biden over Trump.  Don't you?

&gt;and likely shill

Uh ohhh.

&gt;seeing as you use all of the admins talking points

Such as?

&gt;you should know what the Hispanic community is saying about your president.

Because I voted for Joe Biden over Donald Trump, I should know what the Hispanic community is saying?

Did I hear that right?

&gt;you sound incredibly privileged when you make comments like that.

I am privileged because I knew I was voting for Biden over Trump without knowing what the Hispanic community had to say about the election?

Did I hear that right?

&gt;I live in an area with a large Hispanic population.

Sounds awfully privileged to criticize people for not knowing what the Hispanic community is saying when you live in a Hispanic community.
I am once again asking why Breitbart is on the approved domain list
*I am once again asking for more money*
Sanders &gt; "I will be back"

Sanders after they fail to pass it &gt; "I am once again asking for your financial support for millions of Americans"
I am once again asking for 69 and 420.
“I am asking, once again, to please go left down Main Street.”
I am once again asking you to make a legal U-turn
"I am once again, asking you to make a left in one quarter of a mile"
I am once again asking you to ANSWER THE DAMN QUESTION before I come down there and BITCHSLAP YOU WITH THESE MITTENS.
Only in this case and the first time ever, he can use the line "Once again i am asking for your support to convict Donald Trump of Impeachment"
I am once again asking for your support to help us fight for full universal healthbars for all!
Your financial support, I am once again asking for
Once again asking for your financial support, I am.  Yes.
Once again I am asking for proof of fraud in the 2020 election.
“I am once again asking for your support.”
Sweetums, even if you lost 99.9% of your wealth, you would still have more than a million dollars. That is more money than the average American will ever have. 

*I am once again asking you to go cry a river.*
I’m not interested in it either. It’s a smokescreen. Liberals and leftists (I am strongly the latter) trip over ourselves to point out inconsistencies with their arguments, because we care about having well-reasoned positions. They don’t. In fact, their real position is extremely consistent once we look past what they say and start examining what they do. Their actions only ever have one aim: to concentrate power for themselves and deny it to others; to build and reinforce a hierarchy. That’s it. All of the reasons they give in news interviews are a distraction to hide their naked lust for power. 

Any reason or argument they provide for their actions is a mirage, instantly evaporating once they identify their next move towards more power. The fact that we satisfy ourselves with the “gotcha” instead of actually challenging their actions just gives them more power over us. They engage in obvious hypocrisy as an act of domination. 

So yeah, I’m done caring that Mitch is being a hypocrite again. That’s a given. Let’s stop fussing about his words and start asking what we’re going to do to stop is actions.
I am once again asking you to read this in my voice.
Then you are once again missing the main point. 

I am trying to build a coalition with you. You are Joe Biden, I am Bernie Sanders. 

"Hey Joe, you are my friend. I remember that you went through a terrible time with our current healthcare system. You lost your son, and despite decades as a senator, you still ended up with crippling debt and would have had to sell your house if not for the President himself helping you out financially. It's a shame you had to go through that, and I want to make it so that no one ever has to go through anything like that."

"Hey Bernie. No, Americans like the current system where they have options. M4A would take away their access to different doctors."

You are legitimately making the argument that the left should vote Joe Biden into office, and not ask him to have a serious conversation about healthcare. 

The thing you are asking me to do is exactly what Bernie Sanders has done. He has been trying to build a coalition with people on the left. They chose Joe Biden instead, who actively opposes M4A. The left still voted for Biden, but Biden will not have an open and honest dialogue about how badly American are getting financially ruined by our healthcare system. He will never say "Let me work together with the left to pass legislation that will permanently make monumental improvements to our country's healthcare system", but year after year he will say "Let me work with the right to permanently keep private interests happy so that healthcare is nothing more than a steady fraction of our GDP." 

Moderate dems in general spend too much time trying to appease the right to prove that they are not socialist, resulting in our country steadily moving further right to the point that the left no longer has representation. 

If I were to say "Climate change is real, politicians should not take corporate money and then write legislation that benefits their donors, and we should not have gone to war with Iraq" to a group of democrats, I should most definitely not be in some fringe group that needs to work hard to convince people to agree with me. The reality is, most liberals would agree with those things at face value. It is specifically the establishment of career politician neo liberals who will plant themselves firmly in the middle saying "this is the most progress we can have" but then continue to compromise further and further to the right. 

Idk how else to explain it. I voted for Biden, I campaigned for Biden. I just want an honest good faith conversation. I can't do any more for Biden that what I have done. He can do more for progressives, but the financial conflict of interests between the healthcare industry and most establishment democrats is just to steep.
I am once again asking if it resolves.
In my best Bernie voice I am once again asking you to post this proof on imgur and link it. I think we would be able to see if he had margin turned on or not? Maybe
Once again I am asking you for more than $40,000.
I am once again asking for your financial support...for those less fortunate here in VT.
&gt;One does not become a Ranger by meeting your definition of a Ranger. He is factually a Ranger. Gravity is not enhanced by my belief in it, nor diminished by my belief in it. Gravity is a fact, and therefore it’s truth does not hinge on my belief. Same with being a Ranger. It is a fact, and becoming a Ranger is not accomplished by anonymous redditors conferring upon soldiers the status of Ranger. That simply isn’t how being a Ranger works or how facts actually work.

LOL...cool...I never "defined" a ranger.  Try again?

&gt;It is a provable and verifiable fact that he was a Ranger while serving in combat in Afghanistan. 

Except he wasn't.

&gt;He claimed to have been an army Ranger while serving in Afghanistan. This is verifiably true. No one claims it is false, and no one has suggested he has ever claimed to be in one of the battalions. In other words, no one is claiming that he’s made a false or misleading statement. Rather, there’s a headline that implied he did on top of an article that never once claims he did.

Except you did not read the article. He presented himself in a misleading way....you know it and I know it.

&gt;Please source some place where he even so much as implied he was in one of the battalions. That’s all I am asking for... not your opinion about Super Bowls. Cite a reputable source where he even implied something untrue about his service.

You should again probably read the article. I did not give an opinion on Super Bowls. I did use it as an analogy. Try again!
“I am once again asking for your scarf and hat.”
&gt; "I am once again asking for the internet to rise up and help others."
"I am once again asking you for your appreciation of toasty digits."
Bernie to Harris: "I am once again asking for you to break the tie."
I am once again asking for your support
I am once again asking for your ~~financial support~~ faith
I am once again asking you for a space heater
Totally, which was my first thought. But then I saw on Twitter that those mittens were gifted by a teacher made out of recycled wool sweaters and plastic bottles. AND that parka was what he wore in those “I am once again asking you..” campaign donation videos. 

And just the mere fact that 99% of folks at the inauguration were wearing those pea coats except him.. I mean could all be coincidence but its given me a good chuckle
"I am once again asking you to put on your goddamn coat and mittens so you don't catch cold (but where's his hat?!)."
It’s his “I am once again asking you” meme coat.
I am once again asking for your help
He also wore the same jacket in the "I am once again asking for your financial support" meme. We love a consistent king!
Lmao Bernie is wearing the I am once again asking parka
Is Bernie wearing the same jacket from the "I am once again asking for your financial support" meme?
“I am once again asking for your financial support”
JANUARY  7, 2017
====

https://time.com/4626283/michelle-obama-final-remarks-transcript/

****

OBAMA: Hey! (Applause.) What’s going on? (Applause.) Thank you all so much. You guys, that’s a command — rest yourselves. (Laughter.) We’re almost at the end. (Laughter.) Hello, everyone. And, may I say for the last time officially, welcome to the White House. Yes! (Applause.) Well, we are beyond thrilled to have you all here to celebrate the 2017 National School Counselor of the Year, as well as all of our State Counselors of the Year. These are the fine women, and a few good men — (laughter) — one good man — who are on this stage, and they represent schools from across this country.

And I want to start by thanking Terri for that wonderful introduction and her right-on-the-spot remarks. I’m going to say a lot more about Terri in a few minutes, but first I want to take a moment to acknowledge a few people who are here.

First, our outstanding Secretary of Education, John King. (Applause.) As well as our former Education Secretary, Arne Duncan. (Applause.) I want to take this time to thank you both publicly for your dedication and leadership and friendship. We couldn’t do this without the support of the Department of Education under both of your leadership. So I’m grateful to you personally, and very proud of all that you’ve done for this country.

I also want to acknowledge a few other special guests we have in the audience. We’ve got a pretty awesome crew. As one of my staff said, “You roll pretty deep.” (Laughter.) I’m like, well, yeah, we have a few good friends. We have with us today Ted Allen, La La Anthony, Connie Britton, Andy Cohen — yeah, Andy Cohen is here — (laughter) — Carla Hall, Coach Jim Harbaugh and his beautiful wife, who’s a lot better looking than him — (laughter) — Lana Parrilla, my buddy Jay Pharoah, Kelly Rowland, Usher —

AUDIENCE MEMBER: Woo!

MRS. OBAMA: Keep it down. (Laughter.) Keep it together, ladies. Wale is here. And of course, Allison Williams and her mom are here.

And all these folks are here because they’re using their star power to inspire our young people. And I’m so grateful to all of you for stepping up in so many ways on so many occasions. I feel like I’ve pestered you over these years, asking time and time again, “Well, where are you going to be?” “I’m going to be in New York.” “Can you come? Can you come here? Can you do this? Can you take that? Can you ask for that? Can you come? Can we rap? Can we sing?” (Laughter.) So thank you all so much. It really means the world to this initiative to have such powerful, respected and admired individuals speaking on behalf of this issue. So congratulations on the work that you’ve done, and we’re going to keep working.

And today, I especially want to recognize all these — extraordinary leadership team that was behind Reach Higher from day one. And this isn’t on the script so they don’t know this. I want to take time to personally acknowledge a couple of people. Executive Director Eric Waldo. (Applause.) Where is Eric? He’s in the — you’ve got to step out. (Applause.) Eric is acting like he’s a ham, but he likes the spotlight. (Laughter.) He’s acting a little shy. I want to recognize our Deputy Director, Stephanie Sprow. Stephanie. (Applause.) And he’s really not going to like this because he tries to pretend like he doesn’t exist at all, but our Senior Advisor, Greg Darnieder. (Applause.) There you go. Greg has been a leader in education his entire life. I’ve known him since I was a little organizer person. And it’s just been just a joy to work with you all. These individuals, they are brilliant. They are creative. They have worked miracles with hardly any staff or budget to speak of — which is how we roll in the First Lady’s Office. (Laughter.) And I am so proud and so, so grateful to you all for everything that you’ve done. So let’s give them a round of applause. (Applause.)

And finally, I want to recognize all of you who are here in this audience. We have our educators, our leaders, our young people who have been with us since we launched Reach Higher back in 2014. Now, when we first came up with this idea, we had one clear goal in mind: We wanted to make higher education cool. We wanted to change the conversation around what it means and what it takes to be a success in this country. Because let’s be honest, if we’re always shining the spotlight on professional athletes or recording artists or Hollywood celebrities, if those are the only achievements we celebrate, then why would we ever think kids would see college as a priority?

So we decided to flip the script and shine a big, bright spotlight on all things educational. For example, we made College Signing Day a national event. We wanted to mimic all the drama and excitement traditionally reserved for those few amazing football and basketball players choosing their college and university teams. We wanted to focus that same level of energy and attention on kids going to college because of their academic achievements. Because as a nation, that’s where the spotlight should also be — on kids who work hard in school and do the right thing when no one is watching, many beating daunting odds.

Next, we launched Better Make Room. It’s a social media campaign to give young people the support and inspiration they need to actually complete higher education. And to really drive that message home, you may recall that I debuted my music career — (laughter) — rapping with Jay about getting some knowledge by going to college. (Laughter and applause.)

We are also very proud of all that this administration has done to make higher education more affordable. We doubled investments in Pell grants and college tax credits. We expanded income-based loan repayment options for tens of millions of students. We made it easier to apply for financial aid. We created a College Scorecard to help students make good decisions about higher education. And we provided new funding and support for school counselors. (Applause.) Altogether, we made in this administration the largest investment in higher education since the G.I. Bill. (Applause.) And today, the high school graduation rate is at a record high, and more young people than ever before are going to college.

And we know that school counselors like all of the folks standing with me on this stage have played a critical role in helping us get there. In fact, a recent study showed that students who met with a school counselor to talk about financial aid or college were three times more likely to attend college, and they were nearly seven times more likely to apply for financial aid.

So our school counselors are truly among the heroes of the Reach Higher story. And that’s why we created this event two years ago, because we thought that they should finally get some recognition. (Applause.) We wanted everyone to know about the difference that these phenomenal men and women have been making in the lives of our young people every day. And our 2017 School Counselor of the Year, Terri Tchorzynski, is a perfect example.

As you heard, Terri works at the Calhoun Area Career Center, a career and technical education school in Michigan. And here’s what Terri’s principal said about her in his letter of recommendation. He said, “Once she identifies a systemic need, she works tirelessly to address it.”

So when students at Terri’s school reported feeling unprepared to apply for higher education, Terri sprang into action to create a school-wide, top-to-bottom college-readiness effort. Under Terri’s leadership, more students than ever before attended workshops on resume writing, FAFSA completion — yes, I can now say FAFSA — (laughter) — and interview preparation. I can barely say it. (Laughter.) They did career and personal — personality assessments. They helped plan a special college week. And they organized a Military Day, hosting recruiters from all branches of our armed forces. And because of these efforts, today, 75 percent of Calhoun’s seniors now complete key college application steps, and Terri’s school has won state and national recognition.

And all of this is just one small part of what Terri does for her students each day. I can go on and on about all the time she spends one-on-one with students, helping them figure out their life path. Terri told us — as you heard, she told us about one of those students, so we reached out to Kyra. And here’s what Kyra had to say in her own words. Kyra wrote that “Mrs. Tchorzynski has helped me grow to love myself. She helped me with my doubts and insecurities.” She said, my life has changed “for the better in all aspects.” Kyra said, “She held my hand through my hardest times.” She said, “Mrs. Tchorzynski is my lifesaver.” That’s what Kyra said. (Laughter.)

And this is what each of you do every single day. You see the promise in each of your students. You believe in them even when they can’t believe in themselves, and you work tirelessly to help them be who they were truly meant to be. And you do it all in the face of some overwhelming challenges — tight budgets, impossible student- counselor ratios — yeah, amen — (laughter) — endless demands on your time.

You all come in early, you stay late. You reach into your own pockets — and see, we’ve got the amen corner. (Laughter.) You stick with students in their darkest moments, when they’re most anxious and afraid. And if anyone is dealing with a college [high school] senior or junior, you know what this feels like. These men and women show them that those kids matter; that they have something to offer; that no matter where they’re from or how much money their parents have, no matter what they look like or who they love or how they worship or what language they speak at home, they have a place in this country.
I am asking you once again to stay civil and not damage public property.
I am once again asking for you not to spray paint over my face.
Once again, I am asking to run the senate budget committee.
Remember the “I am once again asking for your financial support” meme? Yeah. He’s done asking
Once again Comey, I am asking you to shut the fuck up.
I am once again asking for the democrats to be as cool as republican keep telling me that they are.
Honest, genuine question: what can we do? What can I as a citizen do; who can I call/write/email to encourage change? What organizations can I volunteer with or donate to? How can we influence systemic change, specifically from the USCP?

I’m white and I’m exhausted. I vote, I educate, I try to advance objective fact over misinformation, but I’m heartsick from seeing the ugliness of my fellow humans time and time again, including those I once thought were friends or even family- until they showed the hatred in their hearts. I can’t imagine how weary Black citizens must be. I can’t even begin to fathom what emotions Black USCP officers are experiencing after the attack. I’m tired, but as a person with basic human decency, there’s so many miles to go before any of us can sleep.

It’s 2021 and we’re fighting the same fight that’s been going on since America was founded. I’m not being pessimistic or sarcastic; I am genuinely asking: what can the average person really *do* to influence change?
I am once again asking for your financial support
-not a republican
That was actually a really sad article. It just highlights how much left and right should have in common. 

&gt; he ­believed that the system is fundamentally rigged in favor of a narrow elite.

He's right. 

&gt; Six months after graduating from high school in 1997, he joined the Air National Guard. He was deployed to Saudi Arabia and Kyrgyzstan. A series of letters he later wrote to the editor of his hometown paper give a portrait of his disillusionment with the leaders of the country he served.

&gt; In 2001, he described his ­attempt to gain help from his representatives in a dispute with his employer: “I have written a staggering number of letters to elected officials in both the state and federal governments. Only one state senator responded. This is one of the main reasons I will not be enlisting for a second term in the National Guard. I am no longer going to risk my life in hostile environments for a government that does not care about the troops.”

&gt; In 2003, Sicknick expressed his growing doubts about the War on Terror: “Our troops are stretched very thin, and morale is dangerously low among them. I’m starting to see an increasing trend of US soldiers asking, ‘Why are we still here?’"

Excellent question. 

&gt; He had come to believe that the United States was engaged in an “unnecessary war.” He ­denounced the “arrogant oil hacks that occupy the White House” and complained that the Bush administration had “its hands grasped firmly on the puppet strings of conservative senators.” His conclusion was stark: “I believe we should have regime change right here in America.”

I would agree with him wholeheartedly. The problem is people like this officer have been manipulated by the very people he likely opposes. But you can't fault his reasoning and grievances. If Democrats don't try and understand this, all of this will just get better, not worse. 

&gt; His rage deepened after the ­release of the 9/11 Commission Report: “Proven ­intelligence failures regarding the war in Iraq and Sept. 11 are troublesome. Why is it that I doubt any jobs will be lost over this? Why is it that I doubt an impeachment would happen? Why do I think the issue will soon be forgotten?”

Once again, I completely share his sentiment. People need to realise that many MAGA have greviences grounded in issues that many liberals should probably share. It's just that people have been manipulated to hit out against the left instead of hitting up. And the same is happening now with liberals. We are being conditioned to hit right instead of up.  This is a very dangerous period and not just for the obvious reasons.
Got this scary text from an acquaintance who mistakenly thinks I am a Trump fan: 

Received a few minutes ago. Please read and share widely.
Thank you.
Michael Green
From Gregory Ervin:
Dear Patriots:
Some of you may recognize my name. I have daily briefing with POTUS and have posted here before a handful of times as a “helper”.
What I’m about to disclose is the most important post you’ll read before the inauguration. Q will not post here again, at least not for a while.
The operation is ongoing but must run silent at this point. Once we wind down you will not hear from Q again. Don’t let this worry or upset you. We are in perhaps the most critical juncture of American history. POTUS is fully aware of the gravity of this time period. We have prepared from before 2015 for this exact moment.
I am not asking for faith in us. Q should have already used logic, reason, and multiple proofs to establish our credibility. What happens this week will change history.
We are asking you for now to stay in your homes and do NOT under any circumstances interfere with the operation. You’ll soon see things unfold that many would think impossible. POTUS is insulated and 100% safe. Our plan is almost complete. The DS has already lost. Everything you’re seeing in the MSM and on Twitter is a last-ditch attempt. Why has Kamala not yet left the senate? Where is Joe? Where is Joe really?
Hunter has turned himself in.
We asked you at the beginning to prepare. Your role is crucial, and your task is to help the population deal with that is about to be revealed. Those patriots who have been here from the start will understand and recognize this directive. Remember, it is always darkest before the dawn.
Do not believe the MSM over the next week. Do not, for a single minute give them any credence. We have legally won this election and what comes next is the greatest mop up job in the history of the world.
Patriots, we thank you. We could not have gotten here without you. Now is our time. Hold the line. You will receive no further message on this channel from us until the operation is over. At that point, the entire world will know.
Thank you and God bless. Pray for us, POTUS, and the United States of America. We are in the most dangerous phase and the stakes could not be higher. Military takedowns and arrests begin this weekend and will continue forward for the next 13 days/nights. Some international raids have already started. Italy has also been found complicit in our election fraud.
Everyone will be getting emergency alerts on their phones, tv&amp;#39;s, radios &amp; internet. It will override all other broadcasts and could last for several hours at a time.
Do not to be scared of what&amp;#39;s coming as it is for the safety of our nation for this to unfold. DO NOT travel to any large cities (especially Philadelphia) for the rest of the month. Military operations will be taking place in many of the major corrupt cities.
People will start rioting once this intel breaks, thinking Trump is a military dictator. He only has 13 days to put this dog down.
The implementation of the Insurrection Act began after the raid on the Capitol and was marked by Trump&amp;#39;s broadcast to the people to disband and return home. This broadcast wound up being blocked, for the most part, by the media. Nevertheless, his address fulfilled the requirements to initiate the Act.
Marines and National Guard troops are being moved as needed for the riots that will start after the national release of the intel. The intel will be dropped for everyone to see and hear in loops that will be several hours long.
The system was just checked by the FCC a few days ago alerting ALL media that they cannot block the flow of intel under federal regs.
Trump will be moved continuously like a chess piece from now until the 20th in order to avoid any retaliation against him and family.
Trump had to exhaust ALL other means legally before this operation could commence. He gave everyone a fair chance to come clean
&gt;Two days before Congress was set to formalize President-elect Joe Biden’s victory, Capitol Police Chief Steven Sund was growing increasingly worried about the size of the pro-Trump crowds expected to stream into Washington in protest.

&gt;To be on the safe side, Sund asked House and Senate security officials for permission to request that the D.C. National Guard be placed on standby in case he needed quick backup.

&gt;But, Sund said Sunday, they turned him down.

&gt;In his first interview since pro-Trump rioters stormed the U.S. Capitol last week, Sund, who has since resigned his post, said his supervisors were reluctant to take formal steps to put the Guard on call even as police intelligence suggested that the crowd President Trump had invited to Washington to protest his defeat probably would be much larger than earlier demonstrations.

&gt;House Sergeant at Arms Paul Irving said he wasn’t comfortable with the “optics” of formally declaring an emergency ahead of the demonstration, Sund said. Meanwhile, Senate Sergeant at Arms Michael Stenger suggested that Sund should informally seek out his Guard contacts, asking them to “lean forward” and be on alert in case Capitol Police needed their help.

&gt;Irving could not be reached for comment. A cellphone number listed in his name has not accepted messages since Wednesday. Messages left at a residence he owns in Nevada were not immediately returned, and there was no answer Sunday evening at a Watergate apartment listed in his name. A neighbor said he had recently moved out.

&gt;Stenger declined Sunday to comment when a reporter visited his Virginia home. “I really don’t want to talk about it,” he said.

&gt;It was the first of six times Sund’s request for help was rejected or delayed, he said. Two days later on Wednesday afternoon, his forces already in the midst of crisis, Sund said he pleaded for help five more times as a scene far more dire than he had ever imagined unfolded on the historic Capitol grounds.

&gt;An army of 8,000 pro-Trump demonstrators streamed down Pennsylvania Avenue after hearing Trump speak near the White House. Sund’s outer perimeter on the Capitol’s west side was breached within 15 minutes. With 1,400 Capitol Police officers on duty, his forces were quickly overrun.

&gt;“If we would have had the National Guard we could have held them at bay longer, until more officers from our partner agencies could arrive,” he said.

&gt;Just before 2 p.m., the pro-Trump mob entered the Capitol, sending lawmakers and staff scrambling for safety. D.C. police had quickly dispatched hundreds of officers to the scene. But it wasn’t enough. At 2:26 p.m., Sund said, he joined a conference call to the Pentagon to plead for additional backup.

&gt;“I am making an urgent, urgent immediate request for National Guard assistance,” Sund recalled saying. “I have got to get boots on the ground.”

&gt;On the call were several officials from the D.C. government, as well as officials from the Pentagon, including Lt. Gen. Walter E. Piatt, director of the Army Staff. The D.C. contingent was flabbergasted to hear Piatt say that he could not recommend that his boss, Army Secretary Ryan McCarthy, approve the request.

&gt;“I don’t like the visual of the National Guard standing a police line with the Capitol in the background,” Piatt said, according to Sund and others on the call.

&gt;Again and again, Sund said, “The situation is dire,” recalled John Falcicchio, the chief of staff for D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser. “Literally, this guy is on the phone, I mean, crying out for help. It’s burned in my memories.”

&gt;Pentagon officials have emphasized that the Capitol Police did not ask for D.C. Guard backup ahead of the event or request to put a riot contingency plan in place with guardsmen at the ready, and then made an urgent request as rioters were about to breach the building, even though the Guard isn’t set up to be a quick-reaction force like the police.

&gt;“We rely on Capitol Police and federal law enforcement to provide an assessment of the situation,” Pentagon spokesman Jonathan Hoffman said during a news conference last week. “And based on that assessment that they had, they believed they had sufficient personnel and did not make a request.”

&gt;Despite Sund’s pleas, the first National Guard personnel didn’t arrive at the Capitol until 5:40 p.m. — after four people had died and the worst was long over.

&gt;Sund, 55, offered his resignation the next day, telling friends he felt he had let his officers down. Many lawmakers, infuriated by the breach and angry that they had been unable to reach Sund at the height of the crisis, were only too happy to accept it.

&gt;Under pressure from lawmakers, Stenger and Irving also resigned.

&gt;In a wide-ranging interview, Sund sought to defend his officers, who, he said, had fought valiantly. And with threats of violence looming ahead of Biden’s Jan. 20 inauguration, he said he remains worried.

&gt;“My concern is if they don’t get their act together with physical security, it’s going to happen again,” he said.

&gt;As he prepared for last week’s demonstrations, Sund drew on decades of experience. Hired as chief in 2019, two years after joining the Capitol Police, he worked for 23 years on the D.C. police force, leaving as commander of the Special Operations Division. Widely respected in the District and among leaders of U.S. Secret Service and Park Police, he had helped to run 12 national security events, including Barack Obama’s 2013 inauguration. He also served as incident commander during the 2013 Navy Yard shooting.

&gt;Last Monday, Sund said, he began to worry about the Jan. 6 demonstration.

&gt;“We knew it would be bigger,” Sund said. “We looked at the intelligence. We knew we would have large crowds, the potential for some violent altercations. I had nothing indicating we would have a large mob seize the Capitol.”

&gt;Sure, there were claims that alt-right instigators had discussed storming the building and targeting lawmakers. But Sund said such threats had surfaced in the past.

&gt;“You might see rhetoric on social media. We had seen that many times before,” he said. “People say a lot of things online.”

&gt;Still, he decided to call Irving and Stenger to ask for permission to request that the National Guard be put on emergency standby. Irving didn’t like the idea, Sund said; he said it would look bad because it would communicate that they presumed an emergency. He said he’d have to ask House leaders.

&gt;On the way home that evening, Sund did as Stenger suggested, calling Maj. Gen. William J. Walker, the head of the 1,000-member D.C. National Guard, to tell him that he might call on him for help. “If we can get you leaning forward,” Sund said, “how long do you think it would take to get us assistance?”

&gt;Walker said he thought he could send 125 personnel fairly quickly. Over the weekend, Sund had also conferred with D.C. Police Chief Robert J. Contee III, who also had offered to lend a hand if trouble arose.

&gt;On Tuesday, Sund said he briefed Irving and Stenger, who said that backup seemed sufficient.

&gt;Just before noon Wednesday, Sund was monitoring Trump’s speech to the crowd on the Ellipse when he was called away. There were reports of two pipe bombs near the Capitol grounds. So Sund didn’t hear the president call on protesters to “fight” against lawmakers preparing to confirm Biden’s victory. Nor did he hear Trump’s personal attorney, Rudolph W. Giuliani, urging the crowd to engage in “trial by combat,” an eerie reference to battles to the death in the series, “Game of Thrones.” Sund said he now suspects that the pipe bombs were an intentional effort to draw officers away from the Capitol perimeter.

&gt;The first wave of protesters arrived at the Capitol about 12:40 p.m.

&gt;“As soon as they hit the fence line, the fight was on,” Sund said. “Violent confrontations from the start. They came with riot helmets, gas masks, shields, pepper spray, fireworks, climbing gear — climbing gear! — explosives, metal pipes, baseball bats. I have never seen anything like it in 30 years of events in Washington.”

&gt;Using video footage from the Capitol and radio transmissions from his incident commanders, Sund could see his officers trying to hold the line. But the rioters immediately yanked the barricade fence out of the way and threw it at his officers’ heads.

&gt;“I realized at 1 p.m., things aren’t going well,” he said. “I’m watching my people getting slammed.”

&gt;Sund immediately called Contee, who sent 100 officers to the scene, with some arriving within 10 minutes. But at 1:09 p.m., Sund said he called Irving and Stenger, telling them it was time to call in the Guard. He wanted an emergency declaration. Both men said they would “run it up the chain” and get back to him, he said.

&gt;Minutes later, aides to the top congressional leaders were called to Stenger’s office for an update on the situation — and were infuriated to learn that the sergeants at arms had not yet called in the National Guard or any other reinforcements, as was their responsibility to do without seeking approval from leaders.

&gt;“What do you mean that there’s no National Guard, that there’s no reinforcements coming?” aides demanded to know. “Why haven’t you ordered them, why aren’t they already here?”

&gt;Sund said he called Irving twice more and Stenger once to check on their progress. At 1:50 p.m. — nine minutes before the Capitol was breached — Sund said he was losing patience. He called Walker to tell him to get ready to bring the Guard. Irving called back with formal approval at 2:10 p.m. By then, plainclothes Capitol Police agents were barricading the door to the Speaker’s Lobby just off the House chamber to keep the marauders from charging in.

&gt;Sund finally had approval to call the National Guard. But that would prove to be just the beginning of a bureaucratic nightmare to get soldiers on the scene.
Tldr, *plenty of blame to go around, says one of the guys who was in charge, who resigned.* Long story, too long to copy in  full.

Two days before Congress was set to formalize President-elect Joe Biden’s victory, Capitol Police Chief Steven Sund was growing increasingly worried about the size of the pro-Trump crowds expected to stream into Washington in protest.

To be on the safe side, Sund asked House and Senate security officials for permission to request that the D.C. National Guard be placed on standby in case he needed quick backup.

But, Sund said Sunday, they turned him down.

In his first interview since pro-Trump rioters stormed the U.S. Capitol last week, Sund, who has since resigned his post, said his supervisors were reluctant to take formal steps to put the Guard on call even as police intelligence suggested that the crowd President Trump had invited to Washington to protest his defeat probably would be much larger than earlier demonstrations.

House Sergeant at Arms Paul Irving said he wasn’t comfortable with the “optics” of formally declaring an emergency ahead of the demonstration, Sund said. Meanwhile, Senate Sergeant at Arms Michael Stenger suggested that Sund should reach out informally to his Guard contacts, asking them to “lean forward” and be on alert in case Capitol Police needed their help.

Irving could not be reached for comment. A cellphone number listed in his name has not accepted messages since Wednesday. Messages left at a residence he owns in Nevada were not immediately returned, and there was no answer Sunday evening at a Watergate apartment listed in his name. A neighbor said he had recently moved out.

Stenger declined Sunday to comment when a reporter visited his Virginia home. “I really don’t want to talk about it,” he said.

It was the first of six times Sund’s request for help was rejected or delayed, he said. Two days later on Wednesday afternoon, his forces already in the midst of crisis, Sund said he pleaded for help five more times as a scene far more dire than he had ever imagined unfolded on the historic Capitol grounds.

An army of 8,000 pro-Trump demonstrators streamed down Pennsylvania Avenue after hearing Trump speak near the White House. Sund’s outer perimeter on the Capitol’s west side was breached within 15 minutes. With 1,400 Capitol Police officers on duty, his forces were quickly overrun.

“If we would have had the National Guard we could have held them at bay longer, until more officers from our partner agencies could arrive,” he said.

Just before 2 p.m., the pro-Trump mob entered the Capitol, sending lawmakers and staff scrambling for safety. D.C. police had quickly dispatched hundreds of officers to the scene. But it wasn’t enough. At 2:26 p.m., Sund said, he joined a conference call to the Pentagon to plead for additional backup.

“I am making an urgent, urgent immediate request for National Guard assistance,” Sund recalled saying. “I have got to get boots on the ground.”

On the call were several officials from the D.C. government, as well as officials from the Pentagon. The D.C. contingent was flabbergasted to hear a top Army official say that he could not recommend that his boss, Army Secretary Ryan McCarthy, approve the request.

“I don’t like the visual of the National Guard standing a police line with the Capitol in the background,” the official said, according to Sund and others on the call.

Again and again, Sund said, “The situation is dire,” recalled John Falcicchio, the chief of staff for D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser. “Literally, this guy is on the phone, I mean, crying out for help. It’s burned in my memories.”

Pentagon officials have emphasized that the Capitol Police did not ask for D.C. Guard backup ahead of the event or request to put a riot contingency plan in place with guardsmen at the ready, and then made an urgent request as rioters were about to breach the building, even though the Guard isn’t set up to be a quick-reaction force like the police.

“We rely on Capitol Police and federal law enforcement to provide an assessment of the situation,” Pentagon spokesman Jonathan Hoffman said during a news conference last week. “And based on that assessment that they had, they believed they had sufficient personnel and did not make a request.”

Despite Sund’s pleas, the first National Guard personnel didn’t arrive at the Capitol until 5:40 p.m. — after four people had died and the worst was long over.

Sund, 55, offered his resignation the next day, telling friends he felt he had let his officers down. Many lawmakers, infuriated by the breach and angry that they had been unable to reach Sund at the height of the crisis, were only too happy to accept it.

Under pressure from lawmakers, Stenger and Irving also resigned.

In a wide-raging interview, Sund sought to defend his officers, who, he said, had fought valiantly. And with threats of violence looming ahead of Biden’s Jan. 20 inauguration, he said he remains worried.

“My concern is if they don’t get their act together with physical security, it’s going to happen again,” he said.

***

As he prepared for last week’s demonstrations, Sund drew on decades of experience. Hired as chief in 2019, two years after joining the Capitol Police, he worked for 23 years on the D.C. police force, leaving as commander of the Special Operations Division. Widely respected in the District and among leaders of U.S. Secret Service and Park Police, he had helped to run 12 national security events, including Barack Obama’s 2013 inauguration. He also served as incident commander during the 2013 Navy Yard shooting.

Last Monday, Sund said, he began to worry about the Jan. 6 demonstration.

“We knew it would be bigger,” Sund said. “We looked at the intelligence. We knew we would have large crowds, the potential for some violent altercations. I had nothing indicating we would have a large mob seize the Capitol.”

Sure, there were claims that alt-right instigators had discussed storming the building and targeting lawmakers. But Sund said such threats had surfaced in the past.

“You might see rhetoric on social media. We had seen that many times before,” he said. “People say a lot of things online.”

Still, he decided to call Irving and Stenger to ask for permission to request that the National Guard be put on emergency standby. Irving didn’t like the idea, Sund said; he said it would look bad because it would communicate that they presumed an emergency. He said he’d have to ask House leaders.

On the way home that evening, Sund did as Stenger suggested, calling Maj. Gen. William J. Walker, the head of the 1,000-member D.C. National Guard, to tell him that he might call on him for help. “If we can we get you leaning forward,” Sund said, “how long do you think it would take to get us assistance?”

Walker said he thought he could send 125 personnel fairly quickly. Over the weekend, Sund had also conferred with D.C. Police Chief Robert J. Contee III, who also had offered to lend a hand if trouble arose.

On Tuesday, Sund said he briefed Irving and Stenger, who said that backup seemed sufficient.

Just before noon Wednesday, Sund was monitoring Trump’s speech to the crowd on the Ellipse when he was called away. There were reports of two pipe bombs near the Capitol grounds. So Sund didn’t hear the president call on protesters to “fight” against lawmakers preparing to confirm Biden’s victory. Nor did he hear Trump’s personal attorney, Rudolph W. Giuliani, urging the crowd to engage in “trial by combat,” an eerie reference to battles to the death in the series, “Game of Thrones.” Sund said he now suspects that the pipe bombs were an intentional effort to draw officers away from the Capitol perimeter.

The first wave of protesters arrived at the Capitol about 12:40 p.m.

“As soon as they hit the fence line, the fight was on,” Sund said. “Violent confrontations from the start. They came with riot helmets, gas masks, shields, pepper spray, fireworks, climbing gear — climbing gear! — explosives, metal pipes, baseball bats. I have never seen anything like it in 30 years of events in Washington.”

Using video footage from the Capitol and radio transmissions from his incident commanders, Sund could see his officers trying to hold the line. But the rioters immediately yanked the barricade fence out of the way and threw it at his officers’ heads.

“I realized at 1 p.m., things aren’t going well,” he said. “I’m watching my people getting slammed.”

Sund immediately called Contee, who sent 100 officers to the scene, with some arriving within 10 minutes. But at 1:09 p.m., Sund said he called Irving and Stenger, telling them it was time to call in the Guard. He wanted an emergency declaration. Both men said they would “run it up the chain” and get back to him, he said.

Minutes later, aides to the top congressional leaders were called to Stenger’s office for an update on the situation — and were infuriated to learn that the sergeants at arms had not yet called in the National Guard or any other reinforcements, as was their responsibility to do without seeking approval from leaders.

“What do you mean that there’s no national guard, that there’s no reinforcements coming?” aides demanded to know. “Why haven’t you ordered them, why aren’t they already here?”

Sund said he called Irving twice more and Stenger once to check on their progress. At 1:50 p.m. — nine minutes before the Capitol was breached — Sund said he was losing patience. He called Walker to tell him to get ready to bring the Guard. Irving called back with formal approval at 2:10 p.m. By then, plainclothes Capitol Police agents were barricading the door to the Speaker’s Lobby just off the House chamber to keep the marauders from charging in.

Sund finally had approval to call the National Guard. But that would prove to be just the beginning of a bureaucratic nightmare to get soldiers on the scene.
The video of Gaetz this article links too just pisses me off. He acts like democrats main motive for impeaching trump is to keep democrats together. It is just plain stupid and deflecting. I don’t know if I can ever trust our system anymore. I need people to be held accountable. We have a president who has seated more judges and justices than any recent president. A man that we heard on calls acting like a mob boss asking for favors. Do I think he expects favors from those people he has appointed? Yes, it was obvious on that Georgia phone call. This isn’t even bringing in that a man that has so many rape and fraud cases stuck in litigation for years is somehow supposed to represent law and order. That person is supposed to represent Christianity? How the hell can’t they see it? I am a navy vet and the best commanders I had led by example, not bravado. There is also intent of the law being broken over and over again. Usually not the letter, but the intent. The guy who claims the election stolen got Kanye west to register in swing states to try and steal votes away from democrats. There is no honor in what he does. He uses underhanded tactics over and over and I am supposed to let it go? He expected people to kiss his ring for help during a pandemic. Not once did I think trump cared for any non republicans, because he pretty much comes out and says it. Then this very “trustworthy” person is the one that gets to see the biggest relief package we ever had. We will not heal unless we have accountability.
I am once again asking you for another package of peanuts and a Sprite.
I am once again asking for America to be a nation of laws.
I am once again asking you to convict and remove Donald Trump
&gt;if cancer hasn’t taken him

2021, I am once again asking for your ~~financial support~~ civic contribution.
Once again I am asking you to stay down!
*Tell Donald that I am once again asking for your financial support.*
If we're creating realities I am once again asking you all to consider Bernie.
As an international redditor, I am asking Mr. Biden once again to build that wall, please!
'I am asking for everyone at the U.S. Capitol to remain peaceful. No violence! Remember, WE are the Party of Law &amp; Order – respect the Law and our great men and women in Blue. Thank you!' - trump once again encouraging people to do this terrorism
I am once again asking for $2000
"I am once again asking for you to NOT FUCK THIS SHIT UP."
“I am once again asking for your financial support so we can impeach the president.”
Anyone else read the headline and think, “I am once again asking for your support?” 😂
I am asking you once again for a .... standalone bill
["I am once again asking the Senate to do it's goddamn job."](https://imgflip.com/i/4ryzbw)
"I am once again asking the Senate to do it's goddamn job."
i am once again asking for your vote to increase the checks to $2000
&gt;I am once again asking for your help to win an election I did not win.
&gt;	The lowest income earners are being expected to live in poverty for 20-25 years

They are not. And graduates of college go on to earn more. Why not address all the not college graduates who are have fewer career prospects and are less likely to outearn their peers. 

So once again I am asking - why should we forgive debt willingly taken out by people who on average earn more than their peers?
I'm from Maine.  

Canvassed.  Donated.  Made sure several marginal voters got their ballots cast.  I thought we had it with a great candidate and Collins running the dirtiest state campaign I have ever seen.  I'm still in a funk over it.  We choked hard.

Georgia please come through you are a bright spot in an otherwise dismal year.  What the people of Georgia did to flip to for Biden is inspiring.  The hard work and dedication in the face of adversity and the full weight of history.  Amazing.  As a Mainard, I once again am asking for your democratic support.
“I am once again asking for your eggs.”
"I am once again... Asking you for COVID."
There is nothing that I can see that would make remaining here a wise choice. My family is small and we have already lived long lives and fought hard. 

I recall attending the "million man march" back in the days of Newt Gingrich levels of racist obstruction and GOP destruction of our democratic institutions. It was a positive event, but the press ignored or actively maligned our attempt to lift ourselves up by our bootstraps because of Louis Farrakhan. 

Maybe, had we added government oversight with teeth at this time we could have extended the life of our republic for a few more years! I am approaching retirement age and I am one of the younger folk of the group, most are already retired and well off financially and healthy so far. 

We get taxed hard living here and some of us have advanced degrees (not me, but I do have a self made small business and a marketable skill or two) and all had distinguished careers. If we aren't able to earn citizenship, a series of extended vacations might have to suffice. 

Trump has added a blanket tax on Africans who want to visit America that goes into effect on Christmas day ($15,000 added fine for visitors from 20 different African nations) so, believe me, we have no idea where we will actually end up as our rights and freedoms are being taken from us as we speak. 

Until this racist madman is muzzled we probably won't be going anywhere and that's why we want to leave ASAP. This level of uncertainty is untenable and it is unreasonable to expect anyone to stay when we are treated like we are. When the shit hits the fan its "all hands on deck," but during good times our issues and struggles are completely ignored by the same people asking for our help now. The America racial double standard is a heavy burden to bare.

From voting rights to freedom to live free of police brutality, harassment or incarceration, our lives are being eroded. Just speaking out against the police might get you in a rough spot if you are Black. I have faced this personally. 

Obama attempted to spark a conversation about race and policing, but as I recall Americans were far from eager to talk with the "evil Muslim usurper," so shit got worse. Now, we are facing a reality where the entire system is suspect from our POV. 

We are dying and what do we hear from Biden? What do we hear from a now chastened and wiser Obama? We hear this, "calls to defund the police, cost us dearly in the down ballot races and this entire concept must be abandoned." 

This is the same answer we got back in the days of the dog and firehose. Now its dogs, tear gas, rubber bullets and an emboldened right wing, flush with racist pride, drunk off political power that they refuse to give up. 

Black voters were instrumental in saving America from Trump and the democrats can't even wait to clear off this coup d'etat before they drop us like so many broken, obsolete toys, again? 

America does not own us, nor lease! We have given our hearts, souls, minds and bodies to this unaccepting, racist, heartless nation for centuries now. I haven't the words to express the disappointment and feelings of disrespect that goes hand in hand with coming to this decision. 

There is no option that would both protect us and give us a voice. In America you don't get both your civil rights AND your personal safety and anonymity. If you are Black you will choose one or risk both. 

Meanwhile, white men have elevated free speech protections that allow them to march as "proud boys" while relegating anything we do in opposition as terrorism. BLM is being conveniently branded as such in police training manuals as we speak, but currently we hear that "proud boys" have a special connection with law enforcement and a safe space inside the white house.  

We have fought each one of these battles over and over again as if we have to prove our humanity to each generation of white people we face. America is as she has always been, a safe place for white people to grow and expand (think lebensraum or living space). 

Blacks have fought hard for our place in America and earned it several times over! Unfortunately, white men form a power structure of their own (called the "good old boy's network") that supersedes our democratic principles and institutions (as we see on display for all the world to see); it is this group that continues to work overtime to make sure that our "place" is firmly planted in a permanent underclass. 

I got carried away trying to explain myself in as much detail as possible. We are so thoroughly ignored and our thoughts and feelings are so completely irrelevant most white Americans have no idea what we really go through or what we really think about what goes on in America. 

We have been stuck in place without moving for such a long time and the media lies about us so frequently that we are now permanently maligned as being "genetically predisposed to crime" and we are socially outcast because of it. 

Most cities are still setup as they were in the 1950s with Blacks on one side of town and Whites on the other (and our side is usually shit while the White side has the amenities people need and enjoy.). The most segregated hour in American life is still Sunday morning at 10am. Now we see white evangelical churches, you know the ones with the lion's share of the "white Christians," going hard for Trump and once again openly supporting racist policies. 

I'm not much of an alarmist, but we have had decades to patch these holes and we have done nothing. Any White, male president who comes after Trump has the foreknowledge that he is truly above the law and that means game over. In my eyes American democracy is already kaput and these crazy white men running the streets in costume with battle gear, will get the blood that they seek; much like Tim McVeigh and others before him did after expressing their insane grievances and being met with smiles instead of prison. I'm too old to live through the 1990's again and too wise to trust Americans to do the right thing. You know what they say about us right? You can count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else!
I do not have the energy to argue with you in long form any more. I doubt it has much point because Again it is clear you value your boom boom stick over someone else life. 
One Its not Hysterical fear if it happens more than once a day! 

Again it is granted to armed militias in the constitution it has been interpreted to apply to any and all person and interpretations can change.If you do not think militias were organized you are factually wrong. They may not have had the same formal structure but they were put together and maintained by the governments of the day. 

Shooting have always been a problem the problem is the technology and access to the technology to shoot more bullets in a minutes has not been accessible to the public.  

No it would be a lot easier to take everyone guns away than address complex issues like poverty, healthcare and substance abuse that have in fact existed since we have formed societies. Guns have only existed for the last 1000 or so years and only in the last 150 have they been capable of the wide spread death we see today. 
I am not asking you to forfeit your right to self defense I am asking everyone to forfeit a tools that deals death. You can still defend yourself but you can be assured that it is very unlikely the person you are defending yourself against does not have a gun. 
Yes crime will happen but if you stop the bulk of it you will stop the bulk of deaths doing something is better than doing nothing because bad stuff may still happen. You do not stop enforcing building codes because some house may still fall down. 
I like how you say I am being hysterical then go into rhetoric how all these bad guys are out their constantly looking to do you in.  
I have looked at the other side of the fence I have seen no evidence that guns prevent crime or stop bad thing from happening more than they enable those bad things to happen. Everything you are saying is nice sounding rhetoric not supported by fact. My father is a hunter all of this buddies owned guns. I grew up around guns and have been shown no evidence that they offer any real purpose. Almost Every country with gun control has less death and less homicide per capita. You need to look at the other side not me I have already done it.
Bernie sanders: “once again I am asking for you to receive financial support”
~~*I am once again asking*~~

*IM NO LONGER ASKING*
Trump, September 2077: “I am once again asking for your financial support ^to ^^challenge ^^^the ^^^^election ^^^^^result”
I am once again asking Republicans to stop making run-of-the-mill centrist dipshits like Jon Ossoff sound cool.
Stop saying people are “refusing to learn.” It’s one of the most common misunderstandings and insults hurled at people with cognitive problems, from learning disabilities to neuro-cognitive disorders.

&gt;You know what we recommend for them to do if they're not union? Retire. Otherwise they will kill someone or cause too much damage before someone competent takes over.

Well, I’m sure that would be sensible, if people were able to survive financially, but it’s highly likely that they’re not. Why not? Because people like you think they’re “refusing to learn” instead of having a cognitive challenge. So society doesn’t make it financially feasible for people with physical and cognitive decline to just throw in the towel. So, I guess people are just going to have to get hurt on the job or cause damage because of the kinds of judgements you help perpetuate. 

&gt;If they can't, maybe they should seriously consider a change in career,

What make you think it’s easier for someone who is having a cognitive challenge to change their whole career? What makes you think they could get a job making as much money in a different field at an advanced age? Nobody hires you after you are over 40, and that’s even pushing it in some cases. They certainly don’t hire you for a position they can fill with a 25 year old paying them half as much. 

&gt;switch to teaching

What makes you think teaching is something just anyone can do? Again, you’re asking someone who is already having a cognitive challenge to take on a huge cognitive shift in their everyday life.

&gt;or retire

In order for that to be possible, people are going to have to stop framing these challenges as people “not wanting” to do something, and understand that these tasks are cognitively more difficult for some people than for others and they either need more support by people who have training in learning disabilities and other cognitive challenges, or we need better social safety nets so retirement is possible once cognitive (or physical) tasks become too difficult, or better yet, a combination of both.

I am facing this right now. My husband has a neurological disorder that impacts both his physical and cognitive capabilities. He is in his mid forties and would love to retire because it’s just becoming too taxing on him, including degrading his mental health. The pandemic has allowed him to work from home, which has made some things easier, but those accommodations will likely change once everyone goes back to the physical workspace.

We have run the numbers on what we would bring in if he took a disability retirement, and it is a very significant cut from what he is making now. About half. Because we are still so young, we have many years left to pay on our mortgage. We live very humbly already. My husband makes six figures, and we live in a two bedroom condo in a working class neighborhood where people have two incomes or they are young people starting out, or they are retired. 

Retirement payments assume that people have had enough time to pay off a mortgage, or saved up enough money that they can live comfortably off of the reduced amount they make in retirement. We can’t afford to put money away because of the out-of-pocket cost of our medical care, and prescriptions, and they money we’ve spent helping care for his sister with MS, his father with Parkinson’s and his mother with Alzheimer’s.

So, we’re screwed. He has to keep working. So, people around him might have to deal with his frustrations from time to time because he’s in pain every moment of the day, and because his pain medication is cognitively blunting. 

Believe me, none of us want it to be this way. But it is not as simple as you are saying for people to just change careers or retire, especially as they age and deal with all kinds of declines. Some of us, unfortunately, face that at younger ages than others. I became disabled at 29.

I sure hope the younger generation is listening to what I’m saying, because nobody told us about it when we were younger. If we would have known, we would have done more to advocate for better compensation and social safety nets. If we had done that, there would be fewer older people struggling to hold on to jobs as they get older and older, and more jobs for younger people. It’s a vicious cycle.

Change starts, though, with younger people understanding that it’s not people being purposefully stubborn. It’s not people being lazy or luddites or “dicks.” It’s people struggling with challenges who have no other choice than to keep coming to work. They’re doing their best. They either need more help to keep up, or better accomodations, or better compensation if they retire early. In the absence of all of that, a bit of human understanding would be great.

You will see someday too. If you think you will be one of the lucky ones who doesn’t face physical or cognitive decline, the odds are stacked against you. I hope we have the wisdom to change the way we look at people as disposable and do something to invest in better support systems. I know, from your point of view, it’s frustrating and taxing on you to deal with all of people’s challenges and the frustrations that come from them and you just wish they would go away. I get it. They’re not going away. Don’t you want to have things be better when it’s your turn to be on the other side some day?
*“I am once again asking you not to put me in the airlock.”*
&gt; But there is no extant standard for how narrow is narrow enough, how restrictive is least restrictive. There is no situation to compare to. The people who are most qualified to know what the least restrictive way to achieve the compelling interest of maintaining a functional healthcare system are the public health officials! Not politicians *or* judges *or* clergy.

Agreed.  The problem is that the state--which bore the burden of proving the measures narrowly tailored--did not prove that they were narrowly tailored.  It was, in fact, a clear-cut case.  Three hundred persons could crowd a pet store, breathe on each other, and sing with no legal consequence, but a church that could seat 1000 could not welcome 11 congregants.

If you want to sit there and argue that that constitutes "narrow tailoring," be my guest.  But I am not particularly surprised that the Supreme Court found NY's lack of evidence that its measures were necessary and the complete lack of consistency pretty compelling.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; There's no case law to tell us how narrow we can be in a pandemic!  

Now there evidently is.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; So a judge can decide that this isn't narrow enough, but how does the judge know? The judge isn't an epidemiologist. Ultimately, you're asking me to weigh my trust in the judge with my trust in the public health officials who advise against *any* kind of gathering of groups of people from different households!!! The standard of narrow tailoring is not some objective metric that can simply be applied to produce a result.

That is why we have both judges and parties that support their positions with evidence.  NY did not provide evidence that the religious institutions involved had been, were, or would be at risk.  No outbreaks stemmed from them.  There was no evidence that less restrictive measures would have been insufficient.

The issue is not whether there are reasonable measures.  Of course there are.  The issue is whether the government has the power to restrict people's constitutional rights based on no evidence.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; If a judge told you that the fireman didn't provide enough evidence, would you stay in your house? Tell me true, would you? 

In that case, it would be my choice, not the government's.  And that is what matters in this case.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; You're telling me to ignore all the bodies and trust that some judges and some priests are just *sure* that there's nothing to worry about.  

You are welcome to do whatever you want.  But had NY provided evidence that its measures were necessary, it would have won.  

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; I literally trust them with my life every day, and you're telling me "no no, they're wrong and some judges have decided that there's a better way to do it." 

I never said they were wrong.  I think they are right.  But the evidence provided does not support NY's restrictions.  If you disagree, point me to the evidence provided by NY in the case that states that having 30 people in a church is vastly more dangerous than having 150 people in a Petco.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; Like, you're saying that they didn't present evidence that these churches had caused outbreaks, but once again, that's like asking to wait til the church explodes to do anything about the gas leak!!!! 

Given that the pandemic has been around for almost a year, no.  The government cannot just do whatever it wants because it wants to decrease all risks as close to 0% as possible.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; The consitution has never guaranteed you the right to put someone in mortal danger.

Regardless of whether that statement is true, it is irrelevant here.
The 2 party system is a disaster.  I'm not interested in protecting it.  At all.  But I am pointing out that elected politicians, the wealthy, corporations, lobbyists, all have a vested interest in keeping the system as it is today because they know how to get what they want. A totally system is more of a threat to them. 

In general, I don't hear anyone describing a way out.  Wanting a wishing a better system is a start, however, too often, it sounds like people want another candidate as if a good candidate can fit neatly into the two party system.  It cannot.  You get that.  I get that.  

Those that want a revolution, should realize what they are asking for is probably a lot of bloodshed and a civil war of sorts.  For all the complaining, most people are not dying in the streets.  They have Netflix and Amazon Prime.  Too many people are too comfortable to just kick up a constitutional congress (or devolve to bloodshed).  So, a constitutional congress is a neat idea, but is it gonna happen?  I don't think so.  Could one happen after a civil war... yeah, I think so.  Do most Americans really want that.  Again, I think the answer is no.  It's more like a un-happy marriage where both parties fear the unknown more than their partner. 

Ranked choice voting wouldn't actually make this into a multi-party system.  But, it might align single-issue voters and get the major parties to back strongly wanted policies.  An improvement, absolutely.  A fix? doubtful.   

Steady, driven evolution, in theory, can work.  Boil the frog.  That requires a long term strategy and approach to keep chipping away at stupid shit.  And unless there is a super-majority, there is no hope of accomplishing a lot at once because of how the system functions.  This isn't about my wishes.  This is a fatalisticlly-pragmatic approach that is aware of how broken the system is.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm not trying to be a dick about it.  But, what's the plan?  If its not trying to save rev the coalition to keep them engaged and motivated to vote for incremental change... I don't hear an argument for revolution.   Evolution isn't wanted.  It sounds wishful.  I would love to be wrong.  Prove me wrong.
I am well aware of this court case. But arguing a show on your network is entertainment in court is not the same as arguing that there is no news reporting on your network. I’m specifically asking for any source that states the the Fox News network as a whole is classified as “entertainment” by their FCC license and would like to compare that to other networks that also report the news (or claim to). My point here is that once again, without clear legal distinction between Fox and its counterparts the only basis that could be given for revoking their access is an administration’s belief that they are not fairly characterizing the news, which is a slope that could very very VERY easily be used by a president like Trump to block his dissenters out of the White House. There needs to be a clear legal reason for this action or a robust and affective oversight of this power or it is far too easy to abuse in a way that would shut down free speech and stop the news from doing its job as a watchdog.
I am once again asking you for your $4500.
&gt; You missed his point completely though. You have preconceptions about trump supporters; that they are unreasonable.

I am talking about his base, not every single Trump voter. I don't think every single person who voted for Trump is unreasonable. I do think every member of The Proud Boys is unreasonable. I do think every member of the QAnon cult is unreasonable. I do think the terrorists who attacked Biden's campaign bus on the highway and the people who cheered on the attack are unreasonable. I do think the guy who photobombed a press conference to scream insane nonsense about voter fraud and the "Biden crime family" and people like him are unreasonable. These are the people I'm talking about. I am not saying 100% of them are unreasonable, I'm asking what we do about the ones who ***very clearly are unreasonable***.

&gt; But what OP is saying is that you have to understand where the unreasonable people are coming from and how they perceive the world (from an unbiased point of view) if you actually want to start the mending and healing process. This means understanding why they are the way they are, without judging them. And this goes for both sides. Nobody thinks they’re the bad guy, we’re all victim of personal circumstance.

How do you do you reason a person out of a position they didn't reason themselves into? I'm all for trying to bring these people back to reality, but playing into their fantasies is very obviously not the solution, and you don't seem to have an alternative.

&gt; If you find yourself “giving up on reaching out” because “the other side is unreasonable”, then you are equally as stubborn and mentally undeveloped as the people you claim to give up on. Once again, this goes for BOTH SIDES.

Again, we are talking about the people who defacto *are* unreasonable. Who believe and espouse and passionately defend ideas that are false and not based in reason. If you just liked Trump's tax plan and were willing to ignore the rest I can see how we can maybe find some common ground and move forward as a country, those are, again, not the people I'm talking about.
I am once again asking for your financial support.... oh wait that was lakeside house Bernie lmao
*I am once again asking for your support*
*I am once again asking for your financial support.*

Gotta pay off all of those mystery debtors somehow, right?
“I am once again asking for your nomination”
once again, I am asking someone to get me the fuck out of here
"I am once again asking for your support"
“I am once again asking for your support.”
I’m sorry to hear about her calling you a pedophile lover but I am genuinely wondering how his base is going to react when Trump finally turns over his DNA in that rape case as the judge ordered him to do. 
Like they just are in complete denial that that’s even occurring. 

After Biden was announced the winner I had a gir who I served in the military with post a Facebook status saying ”#notmypedophile”. I responded to it asking how she’s so caught up on this baseless Biden accusation, a guy who has one alleged sexual harassment accusation that can’t even be confirmed to even exist, but she can so willingly be ok with a guy who has over 25 sexual assault and rape accusations, someone who was best friends with Jeffrey Epstein who has been involved in rape cases regarding his visits to Epstein’s island and is actively involved in on ongoing rape case right now. The girl decided to just delete my comment. 

Yesterday same girl posted a status with a screenshot of a tweet saying how one GA county had over 800,000 votes casted when there’s only 500,000 voters. I showed her how Fulton county had the most voters out of any GA county, I gave the numbers to show it wasn’t even close to 800,000 and once again she deleted my comment and kept the status. 

It’s just insane to me how brainwashed his supporters are. I actually got into it with one of my close friends who is a huge Trump supporter and I asked him who he’ll listen to and gets his information from aside from Trump and he literally couldn’t name a single source of information aside from Trump. It’s just mind boggling to me that these people are that far gone.
i dont know how to explain this. i can see how i want it to say but i am not sure if i can dumb it down to your level so you will be able to understand it. if you want you can try and learning some facts before speaking but that would require brain power which you dont have. so lets start like this, ure we can look at the 2016 popular vote results and lets really look into them. 3 million of those votes were by people not legally allowed to vote such as felons, non citizens, people too young, people too old (born 1800s old) the list goes on and on. you claim trumps approval rating was never above 50% but please tell me how many actual jobs did he take away from countries like china and tried to put back here after the massive fuck up that was obama with his obamacare and cash for clunkers exec. order hit sub level. go ahead look into this. obamacare made it illegal for you not to have healthcare coverage by making you pay a penalty on your taxes if you didnt have it. you remember that question on your tax forms "do you have healthcare coverage? yes? no? perfer not to answer?" so lets look into the democrat cities where most democrat people live. most are black living in poor neighborhoods and now they have to pay a company to have healthcare coverage or lose their rights to choose where to go on the government plan. as for cash for clunkers, this put no less than 1 million people out of a job when their auto parts store or mechanic shop closed because people sold their cars to junk yards for cash to be used to by a new or newer car than the one they had. if you want to talk approval rating some more then i suggest you look into where they ask people what they think of the president more. they will always be in a major city like NYC, LA, chicago or some other city where the person asking people what they think of the president doesnt have to go more than 1 mile to get the answers so this leads to a heavily leaning approval or disapproval rating which is easily varified if you wanted to do the research into it yourself and not just go by what someone tells you.

and you are right in that Even Dubya had like 90% approval after 9/11, since 40% of today's voters were like 12 years old at the time. but what you are forgetting to look at is that 1. that approval rating was actually before 9/11 not after becuase no one in this country liked muslims for a year or two after that day. 2. that 40% of todays voters were born AFTER 9/11 so they have no clue waht that dy is about. go on simple math will work hear. 2020-2001=?? 19. this means you just turned the legal voting age over just this past year and you have been spending the last 4 years listening to mostly democrat owned news agencies saying how trump is a racist, how he has done this and that. etc. etc.. take for example the meuller investigation. proved nothing for trump but proved that hillary did in fact break the law when she deleted the over 100k emails from her personal server which contained top secret and confidenital info that was not supposed to leave the government servers but there it was in her house.

oh i dont have to. once the investigations start and its revealed that people at the ballot counting locations were told to either destory trump votes or make ones for biden, the decision will be reversed and trump will still be president and it pisses you off that this is what is going to happen.

so let me ask you this. what do you think is better? a billionaire who has become a politican or politicians who have become millionaires? go ahead and look up "houses of politicians" or however you want to look it up. they are living in multimillion dollar homes paid for by our tax money because they are making a minimum of 350k per year plus however many committees they are on.

if you want to try and shoot someone down. do it with actual facts that can be verified by anyone and not just your opinions, this not only makes you look like an idiot but also deminishes the point you are trying to make. so please try again when you have some real evidence to share.
I am once again asking for your electoral support.
a lame duck president who is convinced he has been cheated out of the presidency. immense damage. 

america, i am once again asking you to update your archaic election laws.
I really feel like there should be a Trump Meme out there similar to Bernie's, "Once again I am asking for your donations..." only, less Bernie, more... Stump.
I am once again asking for your upvotes
\*Bernie Sanders voice\*

I am once again asking for CNN to call this election
Bernie: I am once again asking you to call Pennsylvania.
I am once again asking for your financial support
I am once again, asking for you to defeat the patriots.
I am once again asking for your support
Once again I am asking for your support.
I am not asking others to do that, but I would gladly lay down my life for the sake of freedom. I made that offer once in my life when I joined the Marines and I'll damn well do it again.

I'll be out there in the streets with my fellow American's because we have [the right to peaceably assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances](https://constitution.congress.gov/browse/essay/amdt1_4_1/#:~:text=First%20Amendment%3A,for%20a%20redress%20of%20grievances).

If that costs me my life, I can personally accept that. Freedom is worth fighting for and it's most certainly worth dying for.
"I am once again asking for your consent to sexual intercourse."
Whoa now, my apologies! It's not that I have some big problem with it or anything, I was just musing into the void and didn't mean to offend you. What I meant is that I truly am just confused by it. As I stated in a response below, I mean more that time and again things which were once thought to be beyond comprehension have been explained now with the tools of science, math etc. I don't get why people wouldn't just assume that not having the answers to questions would indicate the existence of a being. Why isn't "where did the universe come from" seen most people as the modern equivalent of living 1000 years ago and asking "what are those glowing lights in the sky" or "how do our eyeballs work for seeing?". To think that the explanation would involve some individual, some powerful being, whatever you want to call God(s), that just seems like a REALLY far leap to me. Why would that be a believable or plausible explanation?

Ugh I'm sure I come off as insufferable, I promise I'm not and this isn't something that I talk about in person really. I'm not trying to preach, I just surprised that my view isn't more common because it seems like Occams Razor to me
“I am once again asking you to support my OnlyFans”
takes "I am once again asking you for your financial support" to another level
&gt;And the longer he’s in charge, the more reckless he gets.  
&gt;  
&gt;Enough. It’s time for a change.  
&gt;  
&gt;Meanwhile, yesterday, the White House science office put out a statement listing ending the COVID-19 pandemic as the top accomplishment of President Trump’s first term.  
&gt;  
&gt;Ending the pandemic?   
&gt;  
&gt;At the very moment when infection rates are going up in almost every state of our union?  
&gt;  
&gt;The refusal of the Trump Administration to recognize the reality we’re living through at a time when almost 1,000 Americans are dying every single day is an insult to every single person suffering from COVID-19, and to every family who has lost a loved one.   
&gt;  
&gt;There’s nothing more personal to American families than their health care, and the health care of their loved ones.   
&gt;  
&gt;I know all too well what it feels like to have your heart ripped out, losing a loved one too soon, to sit by their hospital bedside and feel like there’s a black hole in the middle of your chest.   
&gt;  
&gt;I know what it feels like to watch a beloved son battle cancer and worry about how to pay for the medical bills. Or what would happen if, God forbid, the insurance wouldn’t cover the treatment.   
&gt;  
&gt;And yet, today, President Trump is on a single-minded crusade to strip Americans of their health care.    
&gt;  
&gt;And that would only create another enormous crisis in public health.   
&gt;  
&gt;In two short weeks, exactly one week after the election, President Trump’s Administration will make its case, asking the Supreme Court to strike down the Affordable Care Act in its entirety.    
&gt;  
&gt;Let me say that again — they are arguing that the entire law must fall — which would strip 20 million Americans of their health insurance overnight and rip away protections for pre-existing conditions from more than 100 million people in the middle of another upswing of a pandemic.   
&gt;  
&gt;And just this week on 60 Minutes, we heard Trump tell Lesley Stahl, “I hope that they end it. It'll be so good if they end it.”  
&gt;  
&gt;There is no question: That’s why President Trump nominated Justice Barrett to the court, and that is why the Republicans jammed through her confirmation.   
&gt;  
&gt;Republicans tried and tried and tried to overturn the Affordable Care Act in Congress — and they failed every single time.   
&gt;  
&gt;President Trump has tried everything he can on his own to sabotage the law.  
&gt;  
&gt;So now, through their craven abuse of political power, they have added to the court a Justice who criticized Chief Justice Roberts’ previous decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act in the hopes that they can destroy the Affordable Care Act once and for all through the courts, no matter how many Americans they hurt in the process.   
&gt;  
&gt;So let’s remember exactly what is at stake in this election.  
&gt;  
&gt;If you have diabetes, or asthma, or cancer, or even complications from COVID-19, you will lose the protections this law provides.   
&gt;  
&gt;Insurers will once more be able to jack up your premiums or deny you coverage.  
&gt;  
&gt;Women could again be charged more for their health care just because they’re women.  
&gt;  
&gt;Children will no longer be able to stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26.   
&gt;  
&gt;And on top of all that, overturning the ACA could mean that people have to pay to get a COVID-19 vaccine once it is available.    
&gt;  
&gt;That’s right. The law that says insurers are required to cover recommended vaccines for free — that’s the Affordable Care Act, too.   
&gt;  
&gt;Unlike Donald Trump, I believe that health care isn’t a privilege.  
&gt;  
&gt;Health care is a right.  
&gt;  
&gt;This country can’t afford four more years of a president who thinks he is only responsible for the well-being of the people who vote for him.  
&gt;  
&gt;We can’t afford four more years of a President who, instead of fighting this virus, attacks doctors, claiming they are over-reporting COVID-19 cases because they want to make more money.  
&gt;  
&gt;Our doctors, nurses, and front-line health care workers are putting themselves at enormous risk every day. More than 1,000 of them have died to beat back this pandemic.   
&gt;  
&gt;They deserve to be treated with respect by their president.   
&gt;  
&gt;We can’t afford four more years of a President who would rather spend his time desperately trying to strip people of their health care than even once bother to put forward a health care plan of his own.   
&gt;  
&gt;We can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump.   
&gt;  
&gt;And the good news is, we have the chance to turn this around — by voting.   
&gt;  
&gt;We have six more days left in this election, and the American people have it in their hands to put our country on a vastly different path.   
&gt;  
&gt;This is my commitment to you.  
&gt;  
&gt;We will protect and build on the Affordable Care Act by adding a public option that will compete with private plans to expand coverage and lower health care costs.  
&gt;  
&gt;We will bring down drug prices by almost two-thirds, by taking steps such as allowing Medicare to negotiate with the pharmaceutical companies and making that lower price available to all.  
&gt;  
&gt;We will make sure every American has access to a free COVID-19 vaccine.  
&gt;  
&gt;This isn’t beyond our capacity. Not if we come together.  
&gt;  
&gt;Not if we stand as one United States: Democrats, Republicans, and Independents.  
&gt;  
&gt;We can transcend old divisions and show what’s possible.  
&gt;  
&gt;There’s nothing beyond our capacity.   
&gt;  
&gt;There’s no limit to America’s future.  
&gt;  
&gt;And if I am elected President, as I said yesterday in Warm Springs, I will be a president who’s in it not for himself, but for others.   
&gt;  
&gt;A president who doesn’t divide us — but unites us.   
&gt;  
&gt;A president who appeals not to the worst in us — but to the best.   
&gt;  
&gt;A president who looks not to settle scores — but to find solutions.   
&gt;  
&gt;A president guided not by wishful thinking — but by science, reason, and fact.   
&gt;  
&gt;Even if I win, it is going to take hard work to end this pandemic.    
&gt;  
&gt;I’m not running on a false promise of being able to end this with the flip of switch, but what I can promise is that we will start doing the right things from Day One.  
&gt;  
&gt;We will let science drive our decisions.   
&gt;  
&gt;We will deal honestly with the American people, and we will never, ever quit.  
&gt;  
&gt;That’s how we will shut down this virus. So we can get back to our lives. And a lot more quickly   
&gt;  
&gt;than the pace we’re going at now.   
&gt;  
&gt;And I will fight to protect your health care, just like I would fight for my own family.   
&gt;  
&gt;Thank you, and may God protect our troops.

If that's what you want, then get involved.  Volunteer.  Attend a [fundraiser](https://secure.joebiden.com/a/10-30-science?attr=100839588).  Help out some of the Democrats running for Senate.
"I am once again asking the American people to observe my feet on Twitch, subscribe to my channel and help me accrue much needed financial support. 

This campaign against my tootsies is a disgrace to our nation as a whole: 13% of my feet are covered in pitted ketosis followed by 3%  plantar fasciitis and 1% undiagnosed carbuncle.

I am proposing the 'Gangrene New Deal' which will provide these dogs with a decent podiatrist, comfortable but inexpensive shoes and the Dr. Scholls inserts with the gel pads."
"I am once again asking for your financial support."
I am once again asking the democrats to be as cool as the republicans keep telling me they are.
I am once again asking the democrats to be as cool as the republicans keep telling me they are.
And this is news? 

If my party maintains the house (which every projection shows it will), I am willing to once again take on the position of leadership. 

Not saying good or bad, but just asking "Was there ever any doubt?"
You are misrepresenting a lot of my arguments out of either stubbornness or misunderstanding. I am going to presume the latter because I would not like to think you intentionally being obtuse. If it is the former, please let me know.

So one thing you point out is that my position of "inaction can cause the same consequences as negative action and therefore, in certain situations, can be treated as such" is that extremes are required to enforce this. You accuse this philosophy of contributing to both homeless death and slavery, which are very brave topics for a conservative to stand up against, so I am proud of you. But we should take an honest look at those two things in order to make you feel more safe in a better society.

The government, in order to justify itself, either creates or protects rights for its people. You can argue about whether it creates or protects them all day, that is neither here nor there. The end result is the same. Though, if you do oppose the create/grant logic, you would have to provide rights that are natural rights and rights that are not and justify those things. For the record, I too believe in certain natural human rights, though I am a greater proponent of liberty than you are, so I believe humans have more natural rights than you do. Regardless, if a government is going to purport to create/grant or protect/defend those rights, it has to actually do that. So if a government says "You have freedom of speech" and then takes an action or inaction that silences you, they are not fulfilling their end of the bargain. The powers that be are capable of providing a lot of services to people that do not have them and will never have them and will die due to denial of those services. The logic of "If you don't dedicate your life to helping homeless people then you're basically killing them" actually does not fit into my philosophy at all. That only fits into a weirdly charitable brand of nihilism. I think conservatives tend to have very binary views of the world: either you are helping homeless people or you are not, for example. But that really argues against nuance. It does not take into account my personal ability, my resources, or the abilities and resources of those around me. If someone would be better at solving the problem than I am, asking me to do it is actually a detriment to both me and the homeless population. It is not helping them at all. Same thing with your slavery argument. Living in a world where people help other people is not asking for slavery, it is just asking that you use your ability to improve the lives of those who lack the resources you have. Contrary to what you seem to think, giving someone a bandaid when they are bleeding is not slavery. It is called trying to be a helpful person. I just ask that, if a government is going to claim authority, it do the same.

Another issue you seem to have is with me saying the Constitution is just a piece of paper and that means that I do not think we should have laws. I am going to do you a favor and explain to why that is not a good way of thinking. Human laws are created by human beings. They are a social construct. They only have as much power as we assign to them. This does not mean that we should not have laws, what it means is that if the law says one thing but people behave in an opposing way, then the law does not matter to those people. And if enough people feel this way, especially those with institutional power, then the law does not matter to most people. It does not matter as much what it says in the Constitution as much as it matters how people actually behave. Which is why when I say that that is the Supreme Court's job, it is true. Regardless of what the Constitution says, the Supreme Court behaves in a certain way and they are not changing any time soon, as far as we know anyway. So that is their job. You might disagree with it, I certainly do (though probably for a different reason than you), but until we are actually capable of doing something about it, that is what they get paid to do. Technically, that might not be what they do, but functionally, it is.

Roe v. Wade is not unconstitutional. There is no argument in which it is. Every "a fetus is a person" argument that exists is very bad and  have heard all of them. Overturning leads to more people dying.

I would need you to provide me every single piece of both Biden's and Trump's platform and tell me how one is more or less anti-Constutional than the other. I guarantee that you will not. And you will not do this because you have no ground to stand on. Because using government money to provide healthcare to people is just as anti-Constitutional as using government money to increase the Offense budget.

The other issue you seem to take with me is that I think math is reliable. If you produce more value for a person than they pay you, than you are losing money. That is elementary school math. If Johnny grows five apples and only gets to keep one, Johnny has lost four apples that he has grown. Again, you might think this is okay because something something investment risk idea means capitalism something, but it is still true. Because it is not like employees are agreeing to a wage because that is all they want. They agree to that wage because if they do not, they will not get hired. And we live in a society where your life's value is determined by how much money you make, so if you are not making money, you just die. Also, if the "value added by capital investments" really evened things out, Jeff Bezos would not have millions of times the wealth that his employees have. The argument actually holds up more when you "actually bother to look" at it, because you get to really see the excess even after all those things. So your "taxation is theft but worker exploitation is not" argument does not really hold up once you actually bother to look at the way any of this works. I just think people should be paid a living wage and to deny them this is robbing them of life to some capacity. 

I also agree that taxation is theft, that is why I am anti-State. Ideally, the community would provide for the community and we would not have an authoritarian system determining whether or not we deserve basic human rights. But if you are going to have taxation, you may as well use it to benefit as many people as possible in my opinion, because what else are you going to do with all that money.

I am not saying that society is entitled to the distribution of goods or services in any particular way, just that if society as a whole was able to determine these things in regard to medical care, more people would benefit. Like I said, I largely care about preserving human life, so anything that would provide people with the medical care they need is almost always a good thing. I understand that that is not how the current system works, but it is how I personally think it should. I do not see it changing anytime soon, however.

You also have this other classic conservative binary view: either there is medical care or there is not. There is no room in this line of thinking for affordability, ease of access, or anything like that. You cannot say "that is completely false" when not everyone has proper medical care. Do you think they are choosing to not have it? Because I can assure you, that is not the case. If you cannot afford it, you do not have a chance at getting it.

Unless you take it by force, which is something you cannot stop going on about. I get it, you know, anti-gun liberals are coming with their anti-guns to take all your stuff by force. It must be very scary to think about these big government anarchists with their nerf guns at the ready threatening the very existence of Phizer itself with their feelings. However, that is not what I am advocating for.

Granted, I do believe in the concept of violence toward authority when needed. If people are being denied medical care because they cannot afford it, well, if I was a security guard I would let them pass. You know, the American Revolution was mostly people taking by force things they were being denied, so I guess I am just a little bit of a patriot.
“I am once again asking for your support.”
And I am once again, asking for your help.
I am once again asking for your financial support

*It’s just a joke
"I am once again asking you to vote out Orange"
I am once again asking, why is a Radiologist the top advisor in a pandemic when there are numerous actual Infectious Disease experts around? Anyone have a better answer, other than Trump is an absolute moron?
*i am asking you once again to believe the pathetically hilarious idea that bill barr and donald trump are at odds, putting distance between them to ensure that when barr magically 'produces' credible intel on election night that results in election-fraud-interference cases being rushed up to SCOTUS, whose ruling ultimately ends up keeping Trump in power...that it will seem .00000000003 percent less obvious that barr fabricated the intel to help trump stay in power*

as he was always going to do. hmm
I am once again asking reddit - why the FUCK is nypost whitelisted?
I am asking you once again for your understanding in this: "THEY DO NOT CARE." 

Thank you for your time, hope that solves any future questions on the matter because it'll apply there too.
&gt;I am asking for evidence of minorities not being treated fairly by the pardon board. Is being pardoned a privilege just for whites in Delaware? 

Once again, the systemic racism inherent to our system that influences sentencing based in skin color or ethnicity is why people are now criticizing the pardon of a terrorist.

It doesn't matter if any given pardon board is intently racist with purpose, that isn't what systemic racism is - if the Delaware pardon board was staffed with racists then they would be adding an additional layer of racism *on top of* the racism inherent to our system's functions.

Whatever conversation you're trying to have is irrelevant to why this particular pardon is being criticized.

That said, and for the record, no one is criticizing this decision because they have a thing against second chances.

&gt;You made a claim, without evidence. I want to believe you, but I need evidence. To many times I have been tricked by people saying something is racist, when its not.

I never made any claims about the Delaware parole board, are you trying to tell me that you've never seen systemic racism?

Or are you trying to suggest that because you've never seen it that the rest of the world is making it up?
I am once again asking you for an abundance of caution
&gt; Why didn’t you write the rest of the tweet you just took it out of context to fit your narrative.

Ugh, please don't start the "narrative" nonsense. You asked why Dems hate her, I am explaining to the best of my knowledge why that is so. Where does a "narrative" come into it? This is what I believe. I didn't write the rest of the tweet because the rest of the tweet doesn't matter. The first part was poison, and I explained why.

&gt; A “big nono on the left”....cringe..... there a right wing tool used to fuck dems with lies, spying, etc, still doesn’t mean they couldn’t have uncovered something real.

Maybe? But they fucked that chicken early on. No one has time to tease through all their bullshit to decide if, *just this once*, they are on the up and up. That's the reason, I'm sorry if you want me to sugarcoat it.

&gt; My opinion she saw an opportunity to get a win by finding a bipartisan issue vast majority of people agree with.

Right, so *you* think she's incompetent. We started this ENTIRE exchange with you asking why she - a Democratic politician - is hated by so many Dems. I have tried to explain as clearly and as honestly as I could, and now I'm not even sure what you're arguing with. "Don't take it so personal"? I could care less about Tulsi. YOU asked.

Annd I'm done. I find Reddit much more interesting when I'm not having pointless, circular arguments with people I will never talk to again. Enjoy your night.
*in thick Austrian accent* “I am once again asking for your support. I need your clothes, your boots, and your nomination.”
"I am once again asking for your support."
... i am asking once again for your TWEETS.
"I am once again... again, asking for your financial support."
Bernie in an email to COVID-19: I am once again asking for your support
I am once again asking for your financial support - for my good friend Joe!
"I am once again asking for your financial support."
Once again I am asking; the fuck is with the "allegedly"?
&gt; But then the perception will be that Dems didn't get the election they wanted, so they're trying to take the decision out of the hands of the people. This was your whole concern about impeaching him before the election, wasn't it?

Yes, and after the election there won't be an ONGOING ELECTION. People are voting _right now_ for President. We need to let that process play out. Once it's over, the House, if it's still the majority (it will be) will have a mandate from the people to move forward with what we want which will definitely include impeaching Trump if he's still POTUS. 

&gt; The only thing that resulted in was a half-assed impeachment. Republicans thumbed their noses at subpoenas, came to committees to testify and mocked the whole process without consequence, and again, the only thing that came of any investigation was an impeachment. Which you don't want to do again, because....it will make the Democrats look like they're trying to take the choice out of the hands of the people? Is that still it?

WTF ... which is it? Is impeachment worth doing or isn't it? Is subpoenaing records worth doing or isn't it? One moment you say that's showing backbone, the next moment you're saying it's a worthless exercise. And yes, I've been consistent. The people are voting on POTUS right now ... consider it a fast track attempt at impeachment. In 32 days, with or without the Senate, we have a chance to actually do what you're asking for: hold the POTUS accountable for his actions over the last 4 years. There's no reason for House dems, who hold a majority and aren't at risk this cycle, to do ANYTHING that might help Trump ... especially when we know that action _won't achieve the desired result_ (because Republicans hold the Senate). 

&gt; Biden's plan doesn't achieve universal healthcare.

Yea, only if you're nit picking. Biden's plan doesn't FORCE everyone to have insurance, and it directly addresses all of the people without insurance _that want it_. 

&gt; That's why I am baffled why you would say Dems are for universal healthcare when the leader of our party isn't.

Look, this is where you're refusing to see reality. I want you to really focus in on this. Democrats believe healthcare is a human right. Period. Biden has said it over and over and over again. It's in every one of his plans ... the one before Bernie pitched in, and the one after. The only thing Democrats disagree about is HOW WE GET THERE. If you can't acknowledge that, then you're refusing to argue in good faith as far as I'm concerned. Biden and all democrats for literally several _generations_ have had this as one of the top 3 policy goals: healthcare as a right guaranteed by the government. Again, if you can't acknowledge that, then you're choosing your reality. Biden wants to get there step by step. Look, it's as if we all want to move to Paris and I'm saying, hey lets stop in London on the way, the flight will be cheaper that way, and you're like ... "OMG, WHY DON'T YOU WANT TO GO TO PARIS?!?!?!" 

&gt; The ACA was a Republican healthcare plan that I don't think anyone ever thought would provide universal coverage,

Ugh, I'll just stop you there. It literally mandated that everyone have coverage and fined you if you did not. That was the original law. Roberts court struck down the fine, so now it doesn't force your hand ... but it did initially. Can you PLEASE acknowledge that reality? 

&gt; The plan Biden is proposing now, by its own admission, leaves 10 million uninsured.

Yes, some people can afford insurance and don't want to get it. Guess what, that's more popular than the plan Bernie put forward that eliminates private insurers and forces everyone onto Medicare which is literally the [LEAST POPULAR](https://thehill.com/hilltv/what-americas-thinking/428958-poll-voters-want-the-government-to-provide-healthcare-for) option. 

&gt; Why did Democrats have to use a Republican plan as their big healthcare initiative, knowing it was the most expensive, business-friendly, and least effective option?

Because that was what they were able to accomplish (barely) with the super slim unified government. It's just that simple. Do you remember the first year of Obama's presidency? Back when we still had hope that Republicans gave a fuck about the nation?

&gt; Do you understand why it's different to make this case in a public impeachment hearing? Because, from context, that's clearly what I was talking about.

I'm sorry, but I just don't believe you. You keep calling out things you want Dems to do and then saying you knew they were doing those things after I point out that they're doing those things and being slowed down in the courts. You want the Dems to, what, sit on CSPAN twiddling their thumbs waiting for the courts to give them more info? They've been fighting for the info they need for making a case against Trump. Even if they had that info, we've seen the case made against Trump and how little impact it had on anything. Look ... I think it's a stupid idea, but let's say I'm wrong and it's not a stupid idea. It'll still be a good idea in 32 days. Right now, the focus needs to be on literally the most important election of our lifetimes and it's D against R. Pick you side, and fight for it. Right now, you're doing your level best to convince people that Dems are useless and that tells them that voting for Dems is useless. That is the exact opposite of what you should be doing, and I beg you ... stop.
&gt; That's not right. It wasn't Jesus who said people didn't need to get circumcised. It was Peter in Acts. Maybe you could show me where Jesus directly 'reinterprets' the law, and in doing so, show how he didn't abolish it, but rather fulfilled it?
I never even mentioned circumcision, or that Jesus wasn't fulfilling the law in the New Testament canon. My main point was rather with verses like Mark 7:14-23, where Jesus says that basically all food is clean now, unlike in Leviticus 11. I'm not trying to pull a "gotcha", but it always seemed to me Jesus was reinterpreting the law here.

&gt; That's right - and no one claimed he did. The prohibition against abortion comes from a number of sources, most notably natural law, and other sources including, but not limited to Decalogue, but also the Didiche (2, 2)Ep. Barnabae (19,5, and Ad Diognetum (5). These should also correct your misconception that the prohibition on abortion was a later invention of the catholic church. Rather, the church has preached it from the first century, and NEVER on biblical grounds except in the context of the prohibition on murder.
You see, I was never a Catholic: The Decalogue, Didiche, the Epistole of Barnabae and the Epistle to Diognetus are quite foreign to me. My upbringing was the Protestant Church where only The Bible (Old and New Testaments only) was ever considered canon.

Reading these I do appreciate their candid nature: they are upfront that Abortion is seen as a sin. it makes so much more sense to me now why in the 1960s abortion was seen as a "Catholic matter" as opposed to a Christian matter as a whole.

So yes: if you're a Catholic, your canon includes sources that call Abortion wrong. For Protestants though, that is what confounds me if only the Old and New Testaments apply.

I am not sure how Natural Law plays a specific part in Abortion, because it is based around Human Nature, which can shift between Christian and Nonchristian values, Pro-Life/Pro-Choice matters. Natural Law always seemed to me quite relative. The Bible I don't find very kind to Natural Law (Romans 2:12–16).

&gt; Theophilus of Antioch records the first known instance of 'Trinity, dating back to the 2nd century, before the formation of the bible. The Trinitarian formula exists in multiple places in the bible - this is just the label given to those utterances. Here is a list I copied: Matthew 28:19, 2 Corinthians 13:14, 1 Corinthians 12:4-5, Ephesians 4:4-6, 1 Peter 1:2 and Revelation 1:4-5.
Theophilus of Antioch is, again, part of the Catholic canon, not the Protestant canon.

I should have been more clear: None of these verses directly say that the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit are "Three in one". Ephesians 4:4-6 says there is "one Lord", but at no point does it say "God is the Son and Holy Spirit".

&gt; I'm not sure anyone was ever worried.
I only brought this subject up because I've spoken to Jewish friends who find the idea of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit quite Polytheistic, but I can't say if that is how the Jewish religion views such. It is interesting to note that all the verses you referenced are in the New Testament, but I digress.

Speaking of Judaism, you will find that Orthodox Judaism largely has no problem with Abortion.

&gt; Bible literalists are a minority of Christians. It makes no sense to use them as an example that typifies all Chrsitians.
I never mentioned they did. This is more of a personal issue when Biblical Literalism is used to affect American Law or the standard curriculum. I'm a strong supporter of the Separation of Church and State.

&gt; That's all great, but you still don't seem to understand Christianity.
&gt; Noones asking you to. But I'm not a physicist, so I don't pontificate on matters of physics beyond the everyday. Maybe you shouldn't try to be a theological expert with such limited knowledge.
What, in your definition, does it take to understand Christianity? How much is required to read on the subject before one can be critical of it? This all reeks of an Appeal to Authority: unless I am the Authority, then I cannot comprehend it.

I will confess, again, that Catholic liturgy is not a strength of mine, so I concede that Catholics have written texts they believe in that state Abortion is wrong. The Bible I have read 4 times through, so I do feel I've read it enough times to know that "Abortion is Murder" or even "Abortion is a Sin" is never stated once within it.

&gt; Noone said that. I certainly didn't, and never have. You're "using quote" to quote something that "wasn't written". You're making a straw argument.
There are Pro-Life Activists that have said this. Focus on the Family, a fundamentalist Protestant organization, is one of the largest Pro-Life organizations and lobbyists out there. You can see here that they try to argue their Pro-Life position ONLY through Old and New Testament verses (which, as you'll notice before, I have a big problem with): https://www.focusonthefamily.com/pro-life/what-the-bible-says-about-the-beginning-of-life/

if they cited the Catholic Canon, or Science with considerable evidence, I would be less bothered by their position. I do when your one and only source does not argue your position.

&gt; heh, Vox. Cool.
Alright, I'll give you that Vox articles can be biased. Just wanted to find something quick for you to read. I have an Academic Paper that goes into much more details: https://www.mdpi.com/2077-1444/6/2/451/htm

This goes into Catholics recruiting Protestants to their cause in the 1960s.

&gt; As pointed out, abortion has been a Christian issue since the inception of the Church. While there has been some discourse about when life is infused in the pre-born child, there has never been any other opinion than that which says killing it is wrong.
I clearly have made a Hasty Generalization when I was talking about Christianity. I should have been more specific to Protestantism specifically.

&gt; Why would you assume I'm Christian? lol.
If you aren't, then I apologize.

&gt; Do you mean to say that there is no evidence from science? Yeah, you're right - the topics are orthogonal. But there's no evidence from science on a lot of things. Do you think that murder is wrong? Prove it with science.
&gt; Putting science on a pedestal (extreme scientific positivism), or accepting it only as your epistemology is ridiculous. It excludes philosophical truth (including mathematical, sylogistic logic, Toulmin logic), and other epistemologies and ontologies (historical, legal, etc...)
And I never suggested that Science should be the basis of Morals and Philosophies, now you are making a Hasty Generalization. Science tries to explain HOW the world is composed, and Religion/Philosophy attempts to explain WHAT and WHY the world is composed.

The fact is, unless we can prove with complete certainty that a god/gods exists, has our best intentions at heart, be sure that this/these god/gods are completely omniscient, and that this god/gods had a hand in writing a text/texts with all the laws we should follow ... we have nothing to work with but our own Human-developed Morals. Yes, that makes me a Relativist. My morals are based on my own personal experiences, but I have issue when anyone tries to tell me there is only a single source for us to follow for global morals/philosophies of any kind (unless they really can back up those claims as to why we should follow them).

&gt; Do you think 2+2=4? Prove it with science.
I have a pile of 2 balls, I add in 2 more. Thus I now have a pile of 4 balls. Arithmetic is a Human invention to help us understand how the world around us works. I'm not sure what you're trying to get at here.

&gt;  Further, you are simply incorrect that science can't provide evidence.
About Abortion? I have never tried to use Science as evidence for abortion. I have barely even explained my own opinions about abortion, just that I'm against the hypocrisy of using The Bible as proof of a Pro-Life stance.

&gt; I would suggest you start with Dr Stephen Spitzer (PhD, Astrophysics) who writes and talks extensively on the subject, and even debated Stephen Hawking on the topic at least twice, once televised.
Oh, you mean about the Topic of Universal Creation: https://www.ignatianspirituality.com/spitzer-vs-hawking/

I have not seen this debate, and I certainly look forward to it. I did mention I'm an Agnostic, and not an Atheist, yes? I can't prove to you there is no god/gods, but I have yet to meet someone or read anything that has been able to prove a god/gods exist and are responsible for all our creation. It certainly doesn't mean I'm not willing to be proven wrong. Even if I am though, I have even greater doubts that Yahweh would be THE god of creation, as a large mountain of evidence will need to be built (and without the need for assumptions).

If someone could prove to me a god/gods existed that loved us, I may even be relieved and happy (I have issues with Yahweh, who I don't find so all too benevolent in the Old Testament, but I digress). I'm generally much more dubious of unfounded claims then when I was younger and much more gullible however.

&gt; That said, I question whether you are searching for truth. You seem more intent on convincing others you're right and they're wrong rather than meaningful discussion.
I am much more interested in searching for truth then when I was a Christian, where I would reject viewpoints that didn't match up to my Christian Upbringing. I certainly know that isn't all Christians of course.

I have admitted I was wrong on a number of points here, and I highly doubt I have had any effect on your own viewpoints (which now I am more curious about if you aren't a Christian). I am happy to see you've done a lot of your own research.
&gt; Jesus didn't abolish the old law and yet Christians don't hold the Sabbath, do eat seafood, don't get circumcised and so on. It would appear that while you think you know all about Christians, you may be missing something.
&gt; 
&gt; I said in my last post "unless Jesus directly reinterpreted something from the Old Testament otherwise" because I realize that he did "reinterpret" (really, changed) some of the old laws, but I digress.

That's not right. It wasn't Jesus who said people didn't need to get circumcised. It was Peter in Acts. Maybe you could show me where Jesus directly 'reinterprets' the law, and in doing so, show how he didn't abolish it, but rather fulfilled it?

&gt;&gt; The point is that Jesus didn't address abortion, miscarriages, etc in The Gospels, and neither did his Disciples in later parts of the New Testament.
&gt; 

That's right - and no one claimed he did.  The prohibition against abortion comes from a number of sources, most notably natural law, and other sources including, but not limited to Decalogue, but also the Didiche (2, 2)Ep. Barnabae (19,5, and Ad Diognetum (5).  These should also correct your misconception that the prohibition on abortion was a later invention of the catholic church. Rather, the church has preached it from the first century, and NEVER on biblical grounds except in the context of the prohibition on murder.

&gt; Also, while the Bible doesn't mention abortion as murder, neither does it mention the Trinity or the incarnation, and yet those are Christian doctrines. Again, you may be missing something in your literalistic interpretation on the Bible.
&gt; 
&gt; Bring those issues up with the Catholic Church who invented the Trinity, not me. I always figured the early Catholic Church was worried that if Jesus is divine, and he's the Son of God, who's also divine, then their religion would be considered a polytheistic one. The polytheistic religions of the time they were in great competition with and needed to make sure they stood out from them, thus the Trinity can say "They're separate AND one at the same time!" to avoid the controversy.
&gt; 

Theophilus of Antioch records the first known instance of 'Trinity, dating back to the 2nd century, before the formation of the bible.  The Trinitarian formula exists in multiple places in the bible - this is just the label given to those utterances.  Here is a list I copied: Matthew 28:19, 2 Corinthians 13:14, 1 Corinthians 12:4-5, Ephesians 4:4-6, 1 Peter 1:2 and Revelation 1:4-5.

I'm not sure anyone was ever worried.

&gt; I interpret The Bible literally because that is how Evangelical Christians interpret The Bible; they use their literal interpretations of The Bible to attempt to pass laws: "The Earth is 6,000 year old, Adam was sculpted from clay and Eve is his rib bone, which means Evolution is a lie and Creationism has to be taught in schools." If they want to use Bible Literalism to suggest US reform, so can I.
&gt; 

Bible literalists are a minority of Christians.  It makes no sense to use them as an example that typifies all Chrsitians.

&gt; Again, while the Bible says god made Adam and Eve from dust, the Pope has asserted the truth of evolution.
&gt; 
&gt; How could Christians possibly reconcile the two if the Bible is a manual? You may be missing something. The majority of the GOP are Protestants, not Catholics, so they really don't care what The Pope has to say. Regardless, even Catholics I've met in the GOP oftentimes disagree with a lot of what Pope Francis has to say. The GOP largely wants to ban gay marriage (because The Bible calls homosexuality an "abomination"), even though Pope Francis has no issue on the subject (his famous quote: “Who am I to judge?”).
&gt; 
&gt; I would humbly suggest that although you've read the Bible, you know next to nothing about Christian or Jewish belief.
&gt; 
&gt; I was a Christian for over 20 years of my life: started Episcopal, joined a Non-Denominational Church after the whole "Gay Bishop" issue in the early 2000s (I could care less now) and eventually became Agnostic after I began seriously studying The Bible. I used to do Mission Trips in and out of the US. I've been to Catcholic Mass and Greek Orthodox Services.

That's all great, but you still don't seem to understand Christianity.

&gt; 
&gt; What then does it take for me to "understand" Christian belief!? Must I dedicate my whole life to a religion I don't even believe in anymore to understand it!? What sense does that make!?

Noones asking you to.  But I'm not a physicist, so I don't pontificate on matters of physics beyond the everyday. Maybe you shouldn't try to be a theological expert with such limited knowledge.

&gt; 
&gt; I never suggested I understood a great deal about Jewish belief. I do know that they see Jesus as a False Prophet because he changed quite a few laws (which I agree, he definitely did), how Christians don't understand Satan (in the Old Testament he is a Servant to God, not an Anarchist) or Hell. There's a lot more I'm sure, these examples just came to mind after talking with an old Jewish Co-worker of mine.
&gt; 
&gt; You seem like you want an argument. I don't. Good luck moving forward.
&gt; 
&gt; I will argue anyone that is suggesting I "don't know enough to discuss the subject of Christianity." That we should just accept that Abortion is wrong "because it says so in The Bible" when The Bible doesn't even mention Abortion is Murder in the first place! And yet Pro-Life Protestors will stand outside of Abortion and Planned Parenthood Clinics yelling such aloud!
&gt; 

Noone said that. I certainly didn't, and never have. You're "using quote" to quote something that "wasn't written". You're making a straw argument.

&gt; Abortion has been politicized by the GOP. While Vox is not my favorite publication by a long shot, I do recommend reading through this article and doing your own further research into the subject: https://www.vox.com/2019/4/10/18295513/abortion-2020-roe-joe-biden-democrats-republicans
&gt; 

heh, Vox.  Cool.

As pointed out, abortion has been a Christian issue since the inception of the Church.  While there has been some discourse about when life is infused in the pre-born child, there has never been any other opinion than that which says killing it is wrong.

&gt; And good luck with your search for Truth. I assume you are a Christian? Please read The Bible through at least once, page to page, as objectively as you can. Think long and hard about the number of deaths that God has caused in it. Think hard about the fact that there is no actual proof anyone can make for Yahweh or any god of any religion existing. It can be frightening to lose your faith, believe me (I went through it alone, with a large part of my family disowning me), but you'll be better for it in the long run.

Why would you assume I'm Christian? lol.

Do you mean to say that there is no evidence from science? Yeah, you're right - the topics are orthogonal.  But there's no evidence from science on a lot of things. Do you think that murder is wrong? Prove it with science. Do you think 2+2=4? Prove it with science. Putting science on a pedestal (extreme scientific positivism), or accepting it only as your epistemology is ridiculous.  It excludes philosophical truth (including mathematical, sylogistic logic, Toulmin logic), and other epistemologies and ontologies (historical, legal, etc...) Further, you are simply incorrect that science can't provide evidence.  I would suggest you start with Dr Stephen Spitzer (PhD, Astrophysics) who writes and talks extensively on the subject, and even debated Stephen Hawking on the topic at least twice, once televised.

That said, I question whether you are searching for truth.  You seem more intent on convincing others you're right and they're wrong rather than meaningful discussion.
Once again I am asking for flavor
&gt;Red governed states feature a population of 149,514,058, with 78,485 COVID-19 deaths while the blue have 178,019,737 people, with 116,688 COVID-19 deaths. Per 100k, that's 52.49 dead in red states, and 65.54 in blue. Comparatively, out of 168 ranked countries, the red US lands 15th worst in mortality rate, and the blue is 6th.

That is an improvement, maybe not as good as people think Trump’s words implied, but it is still about 5 places higher. Another comment said if you base it off 2016 voting records it is up to 20th place.

&gt;Additionally, what is population density.

Are you implying that due to the blue states’ population densities their numbers should be higher? If that is the cases, then I think you found a reason why it is higher in the US compared to other countries.

&gt;Furthermore, since July, 70% of COVID-19 deaths have occurred in red states.

Okay, and more deaths have still occurred in blue states.

&gt;As far as Trump's supposed lack of blame goes, how do you reconcile that with Trump being able to repeatedly take credit for 2 million lives supposedly saved, and the "high marks" for having a low mortality rate the US is apparently receiving according to Trump? 

I don’t think the 2 million lives is all his fault. But a lot of people have been saying 200,000 people died because of Trump, when 10 times that number was predicted. Trump is fighting back against that narrative by saying that he prevented 1,800,000 deaths. I can agree that he didn’t save 1.8 million people alone if you agree that he didn’t kill 200,000 people.

&gt;And how does chiding people for wearing masks, regularly claiming that COVID-19 will simply disappear like a miracle, stating that the US should perform less testing, and demanding that states reopen/be liberated help effectuate that?

I noticed that you are specifically choosing bad things while leaving out the good things. That’s like asking how did Obama playing basketball and making appearances in Jimmy Kimmel end the Iraqi war. Trump stopped people from coming from China (and democrats criticized him for doing that), he made daily appearances during the height of virus to talk to Americans directly about updates, he used a production act (I forgot the full name) to increase the supply of either PPEs or ventilators (again I forgot), he is currently cutting a lot of red tape to get a vaccine into production, he sent ventilators to the states and no state ran out, he sent a navy medical in to New York to help, he ramped up testing, and he demanded the safe reopening of states to prevent a recession. That is a lot more than saying Joe Biden doesn’t look good in a mask.

&gt;Why is he taking credit for the economic recovery due to states reopening, since he doesn't possess control of the states?

You answered that in the previous sentence, he demanded states to reopen, if he had that control he would have just reopened them all.

&gt;Why is he blaming Obama/Biden for what was, according to Trump, a disastrous response to H1N1(despite it infecting 60 million, while only killing 12,500)?

Those are two different diseases.
[According to the WHO, 18,449 people died globally due to H1N1.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_swine_flu_pandemic) And you said 12,500 died in the US. So about 66% of swine flu deaths happen in the US. While so far there has been 950,000 covid deaths and 202,000 happened in the US, that is 21%. So if you want to directly compare H1N1 and Covid, I would say that proportionally the H1N1’s affect on the US was way worse. A point for Trump.


&gt;How does his blamelessness gel with his cutting of the NSC and DHS global health epidemic teams? 

You list a lot of cherry picked things that show Trump doing things differently than Obama, but we have already show that going by global death rates Trump handled his virus better than Obama handled his. I am not really smart enough to justify every one of these things, but I will say that just because a program is cut that doesn’t necessarily mean a net negative, he could have put the funding somewhere else or combined departments. If you have no evidence that these things are worse other than “bad things have happened since the decision were made”, I don’t really care to fight them.

But I since I didn’t refute that paragraph, I’ll concede that Trump isn’t totally blameless. He could have done better, and both the states and his team did most if not all of the good things that were done.

&gt;All in all, none of that need be relevant to the metric Trump judges pandemic response by, i.e. deaths and fatality rates. By Trump's own rubric, where Obama's Ebola response warranted his resignation, and the 12,500 H1N1 deaths were evidence of Obama's ineptitude, Trump represents a far greater blundering.

I already went over H1N1. And once again Ebola is a different thing, it is far less infective. I don’t think Obama should resign for either, but it is not a reasonable comparison to make.
Having read the article, again, this article doesn't support your claim. This article discusses Microsoft' lobbying against the antitrust lawsuit. Once again, I am not defending Gates, but your original claim was about taxes, not antitrust laws. 

If your claim is "Bill Gates will do anything to enrich himself," or something on those lines, fine, I will not argue (though I don't completely agree with that claim either). But your original claim was that gates will vote for whoever provides lower taxes. Evidence suggests that Gates supports higher taxes for billionaires.

Now that being said, it is possible that he both will support policies that continue to enrich himself AND support higher taxes. I'm just asking that we all behave responsibly and not throw around baseless accusations.

Peace to you brother.
&gt;You say you can understand why someone won't vote for Bernie because he is a progressive, however you are just asking the progressive wing to accept a moderate and saying it's necessary to pick up the voters, despite having a known voter problem. You seem to be ignoring all the progressives and independents that are currently not planning to vote for Joe Biden, or who won't be able to care enough to make it to the polls when the time comes. Why is it that moderates get to stomp their feet and demand a close representative, but all the other democrats are now expected to vote for someone who they likely see as part of the problem? It's not going to work like that.

&gt;The only political clout progressives have is their vote. Giving it up and letting the moderates win and then complaining that the democrats are adopting policies from the faction that won does not help in any way.

Your logic is absolutely right, but it goes both ways. Both sides should be compromising from time to time - it *is* a coalition party, of course. 

The difference is, progressives have been swallowing this shit for our entire lives. It's time for us to get what we want for once. We've done the compromising, for **at least** 30 years now, for all the reasons you've listed. Now it's time for moderates to compromise... for all the reasons you've listed. If only one side of the coalition ever gets anything, the rest of the coalition has no reason to be involved, and the coalition falls apart - *that's what is currently happening, and it's the reason for the depressed turnout.*

So if you want more turnout, push more progressives. If you do that, we'll be fine with it when you push a moderate again. But if it's moderates again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and all we ever get is the promise of maybe next time, eventually, that promise won't be enough. That's what happened in 2016. Fear is driving us to the polls now, hopefully, but fear doesn't last forever. Trust in a functioning coalition does.

E: And if your argument is that moderates won't vote for progressive candidates, then that's a perfect argument for why progressives shouldn't vote for moderates either. I'm sick of this demand for respect only going one way. I get that some people have problems with progressive policies. I have problems with moderate policies - and I am expected to swallow them for the good of the coalition. If moderates have a problem with the policies of a progressive candidate, I expect them to swallow them for the good of the coalition.

If you want a consistently victorious party, cater to all parts of your coalition. Demanding the progressives compromise EVERY SINGLE TIME using the same logic we'd use to claim you should compromise for once is, long-term, a losing strategy.
I have to break this up into two parts to make sure I properly review this article because I am GENUINELY asking for PROOF of Trump's racism.

**Part I:**

Let me check this out. I am reading now and will finish my reply once done. I will point out that I see Vox as the left's version of Fox News -- basically the most politically biased source you can find. I've found so much evidence for lies stemming from both sources that I no longer consider it a viable source of truth by any stretch. That being said, I will finish reading.

The first link in the article doesn't show proof of anything said between Trump and April Ryan. Vox asserts they're telling the truth about the exchange. That isn't proof.

I then read the proposed exchange, and see nothing racist about it. Someone asks Trump if he is going to include the Congressional Black Caucus and the Congressional HIspanic Caucus and Trump replies: Well, I would. I tell you what: Do you want to set up the meeting? Do you want to set up the meeting?

Ryan then replies: No, no, no, I'm just a reporter.

Trump replies: Are they friends of yours? Set up the meeting.

This isn't racism. I see absolutely nothing racist here. Trump is saying he would like to include the black and Hispanic congressional caucuses.

Vox's argument for this proposed racism is subjective: Their premise is that Trump is asserting that Ryan knows the members of these caucuses because he is black. Trump literally asks him the question of, "are they friends of yours? Set up the meeting."

Vox is clearly TRYING to find racism here where it does not exist. Obama could have said this exact same thing and Vox obviously wouldn't have been trying to stretch SO DAMNED FAR here to try to make it seem like a racist argument.

Anyway, moving on.

Next link directs to an article titled, "We need to stop acting like Trump isn't pandering to white supremacists"

The article talks about the Charlottesville riots, and tries to label Trump's response as obviously ambiguous. Here's the response, according to Vox:

Trump: "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides, on many sides.”

He said, very specifically and very clearly, that we condemn displays of hatred, bigotry, and violence.

He literally said that. That's what he said. Vox is trying to tell you that he was purposely being vague.

When pushed for further clarification, Trump himself, within the span of a single day clarified that, and I quote: "**when he condemned violence and bigotry on “many sides,” “of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazis and all extremist groups**.”

So he literally said he includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazis, and all extremist groups. He literally said that. That is what he said.

But Vox is trying to instead tell you what he REALLY said. So far this is all unequivocal bullshit.

Third link is directed to an article called: Trump Mocks Warren With Apparent Reference to Trail of Tears, Which Killed Thousands.

The assertion by Vox is that Trump is clealy making fun of the Trail of Tears. This is what Vox showcases as Trump's tweet about it:

&gt; Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!

Jesus effin Christ I don't see it, I just don't.

Then continuing, Betsy Theobald Richards, someone who works on changing cultural narratives for the Opportunity Agenda, which is a social justice organization (LOL) said the following:

&gt; He actually is condoning a narrative that supports a genocide and a forced removal

This is completely insane. Completely. From a single tweet they are going to stand there and tell you what Trump ACTUALLY meant, and what he ACTUALLY meant was that he is in favor of genocide? You have to be completely fucking kidding me, you can't make this kind of insanity up.

Communication -- ALL communication is defined as what a minimum of two parties AGREE THAT IT MEANS. This is why the notion of the subjectivity of being offended is completely nonsensical. This is why inside jokes exist. This is why definitions change over time. All language is inherently malleable BY IT'S FUNDAMENTAL EXISTENCE. You do not get to tell someone else what they said. If two persons are attempting communication and one person says they meant A and the other says they meant B, that does not mean that one person actually meant B, it means you've literally failed to communicate. That failure lies on both parties, and as such, both parties should try again until the proper idea is actually communicated.

This is a fundamental breakdown of what defines language.

Anyway, continuing with the original article...

Next link is about how Trump called SARS-CoV-2 the "Chinese virus" and "kung flu". FFS I have used that terminology myself to uproaring laughter. People need to get off their high horses. I'm a practitioner and instructor in traditional Chinese kung fu. I have been for over 12 years. I've been infatuated with Chinese history and culture since I was a small child. I have a deep respect and appreciation for everything China has brought to the world. None of that stops "kung flu" from being funny as fuck and you fucking know it, no offense.

This is grasping at straws, like seriously. This is such grasping at straws that it hurts my damned head. All this all looks like to me is political pandering. It's hatred for Trump simply to hate the man.

I promise I'm not cherry-picking the article in my replies, but I'm not going to reply to every single facet of it. I scrolled down some and got to the part in the article where it says, "Trump has a long history of racist controversies".  I haven't even read it yet, and I promise you I am keeping an open mind, and I'll show you more as to proof of that at the end of this post. Anyway...

**Continued in Part II.**
&gt; On slavery: Yes, the Bible was used to justify slavery, the Crusades, the Inquisition, etc. etc

Because the contents of the Bible allowed them to do so, the verses are quite clear.

&gt; And conservatism was used to justify the Holocaust

No it wasn't, it was racism that the Nazis exploited. The political theory of conservatism had nothing to do with it.

&gt;  leftism was used to justify millions of killings under Mao and Stalin

What is the source book for the "left" that was used by Mao and Stalin that explicitly states murdering millions of people is ok?

You are trying to conflate a distinct physical entity with known contents (the Bible) with a series of concepts that have no fixed meaning in time or place. But I expect such dishonesty from Christian apologists.

&gt;  That tells you next to nothing about the underlying entity. 

There is no "underlying entity" in political concepts, but the Bible is a known physical entity with precisely defined contents.

&gt; In other words, God gave certain provisions in the Old Testament in order to lead his people out of being slaveholders/divorcers 

That is a laughable interpretation even by apologist standards. The instance you refer to was Jesus responding to the **misuse** of Mose's divorce provisions and your misinterpretation led to centuries of misery for women. Let some other [Bible apologists explain it to you.](https://biblicalviewondivorce.com/2015/01/04/matthew-198-what-does-because-of-your-hardness-of-heart-really-mean/)

So once again, Christianity is used to repress women's rights - even when they previously had those rights!

&gt;  On sexism, yes, God made the sexes different. These are difficult passages

Firstly, you have no evidence to show God created anything.

"Difficult passages" is apologist-speak for "shit we really can't defend that pile of sexist garbage".

&gt;  addition to Jesus' breaking of gender barriers 

Where is that reflected in the Bible or the Church? If a real Jesus existed, he was probably a hippy socialist with a messiah complex but said nothing and did nothing to change Church teachings on womens rights ... apart from restricting them further in your example above.

&gt;  if you believe that men and women don't have specific roles in the church/family, then these passages will be misogynistic in your view.

They don't have specific roles in family (that is pure sexism) and have no role in church in a lot of major denominations. But the Bible doesn't stop there does it. I can beat my wife for example, can she beat me? I can own property and have automatic right to the children, a women does not according to the Bible. My wife must submit to me, but I don't have to submit to my wife. 

And of course from the NT -

&gt; I do not permit a woman to teach or have authority over a man; she must be quiet. 

That is Jesus' teachings from the NT.

&gt; one is because it hinges on a historical claim which is falsifiable, which no other religion can really claim

What are you talking about? Are you referring to the existence of Jesus? There is more evidence for Buddha existing than Jesus in the historical record, because Buddha was a prince and therefore noteworthy. 

So do expland on this please.

&gt;  think you may have made a typo here where you say "than other what?" because I'm not sure what you're asking there, but feel free to clarify

You are right, I did misread your comment. On re-reading, it is far, far worse than I thought. You state that the Bible, a book in which children are murdered by God for laughing, is "more progressive in terms of love of others than is comfortable for me."

Man, the only good part of Christianity is the one it's followers **never** follow.

&gt;  I was raised in a politically conservative, nationalist church. I no longer hold those views

Yes you do, you are espousing them here. You still refuse to see the racism and sexism that Christianity is based on due to it's founding document.

&gt; I find it off-putting that you claim I can't think for myself.

The data does not lie, and if you are religious then you clearly cannot think rationally or logically. There is no religion on this planet that can survive rational examination, bar the occaisonal sect that are more based on personal development and omit the supernatural bollocks.

&gt; You can't claim that people are Christians just because they were raised that way,

Yes I can, and I provided the evidence to support it. I can do the same for Hindus in India and Buddhists in Cambodia if you like.

&gt; especially in light of the fact that the center of Christianity today is in South America/Africa

Christian missionaries have been forcibly converting native populations for centuries, so it's funny that your two examples are the main areas for that colonial era human rights abuse. Youu could be killed by the Christian authorities for practicing your native religion. Such tolerant people, Christians ...

&gt; I strongly believe that following Jesus will result in people being fairly politically homeless

Depends if they go by the actual contents of the book they claim to believe, or what they pretend that book says. See the next quote.

&gt; First off, you described the Bible as not fitting with leftist views, but now you say Jesus was a socialist. You can't have it both ways.

Christians pretend it is a happy land of socialist values, but in reality it is a book condoning slavery, violence, murder, sexism and all the worst parts of human nature.

So do you believe the Bible or the hippy socialist values people **claim** it contains?

&gt; So I have no choice but to (personally and politically) support causes that promote social justice 

As a tangent, I find it interesting that Christians claim atheists cannot have values because we don't have a God to be scared of. But here you are, saying you believe in justice because you are **compelled to**. I don't need a god to tell me what is right and wrong.

&gt; I am morally conservative

Who probably wears mixed fabrics and socialises on a Sunday. In the Bible that is a death penalty. Please go to your local church and commit suicide immediately if you are a good Christian.

You don't get to pick which parts of that disgusting book you believe.

&gt; But the question is, "Should everything that's wrong be illegal?"

Why? No one was asking that or even implying it.

&gt; I believe it's wrong (and I think most people in general do)

False, US support for abortion rights consistently show the majority in favour. Stop lying, the Bible says it is a sin.

&gt;  I also think it's the wrong issue to discuss because it's so late in the decision tree; there's a myriad of other issues that can be talked about that can make abortions less of a necessity, even while they remain legal. 

Very good point, [it is because of Christians in the US](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3194801/) that the abortion rate is so high, along with STD infections. So we need to address that and remove ridiculous and dangerous practices that are being pushed by Christians because of their faith.

&gt; I would also encourage you, if you haven't, to read the gospels for yourself

I have read the Bible, I know it better than most Christians. So I will leave you with two of my favourite passages.

&gt; Kings 2 - 23 Then he went up from there to Bethel; and as he was going up by the way, young lads came out from the city and mocked him and said to him, “Go up, you baldhead; go up, you baldhead!” 24 When he looked behind him and saw them, he cursed them in the name of the LORD. Then two female bears came out of the woods and tore up forty-two lads of their number. 25 And he went from there to Mount Carmel, and from there he returned to Samaria. 

So God murders children for laughing at a bald man.


Here is what the Bible calls a righteous man, when a mob threatens two angels at his home -

&gt; Look, I have two daughters who have never slept with a man. Let me bring them out to you, and you can do what you like with them. But don't do anything to these men, for they have come under the protection of my roof."

So rape my virgin daughters, said the Bible's righteous man.
I am once again asking you for your voter support.
they are negotiating with the Democrats to get rid of Trump, bu back g him, they hope to be able to pressure the Democrats into giving them more of what they want t, less government oversight  this is a hard concept for many people but very very very few people are truly evil....even Hitker and Stalun truly believed that what they were doing was for the betterment of their people and humanity
....Even the intentional starvation happening in parts of North Korea, which has been happening  since grandpappy first came to power is to whittle down the population so a reeducation policy, indoctrinating their citizens in communism and self sustenance do communism may actually have a chance at working.Dont forget, communists make 50 year plans for their countries, they play the long game which you can do when there are no political enemies you have to compete against. one of the biggest downfalls of our Democracy is that our officials are first and foremost more concerned with keeping their jobs instead of taking an introspective look at themselves and asking, " am I the best person for this power,, are my policies truly in the best interest of the common people's, and since they don't do that they are constantly working to get re elected which means short term thinking
 trump wants to dismantle Obamacare so he can put his name on it and resell it to us as his great accomplishment  his gift to us, it's a tired old game he has done his entire career because when he actually tries to do something original, he almost always fails, but with all his flaws, he is not 100^ evil, he certainly is a sociopath, vindictive and mean spirited but that's because he believes hisnlies....the stack of Hitler speeches he had were a study in Hitler's Big Lie theory, any con man will tell you, in order to be convincing, you have to believe your lies, his life is one giant lie. he is the son his dad wished the coat hanger hadn't missed, that maybe if he had gut punched Donnies mommy a bit sooner he would never existed. when Fred rejected the family business, Pimplin's Fad had to reconcile himself that he was stick with thedeliquent he had shipped off to military school, Trump had to come to grips with his reality and distort it to make him the world's greatest con man, he believes not the words he says but that he is that great and amazing and that he can warp reality to suit himself....twisted but not evil...now, back to them commies, .the main issue with comminism is you have to male concepts like greed  power, class seem abhorrent to everyone, one person spreading g the word about the good times can ruin a factory, town etc etc and to teach everyone isnimpossible....at current population levels but if you starve people to death and they see that by participating in gardening etc etc, communal farming they can actually survive, you greatly increase your odds for success
 I'm not saying I agree with any of these leaders or actions but the Kim's do see it as the best chance the Korean people have for survival. hitler honestly believed that crap against jews, poles, slavs, catholics and especially communists...he thought he was doing the right thing, once again I think he is a piece of  shit, his troops killed the entire Polish side of my family that had stayed in their little village near Krakow instead of immigrating to Chicago like my grandmothers father and 2 of his brothers with their wives and children....nor am I defending anything he did, I'm merely pointing out that he wasnt jerking off In the tub patting himself in the back amd whistling the I'm an Evil Asshole whilst dreaming of dead Commies...he felt so strongly about the righteousness of his cause that he honestly believed Britain would be his ally instead of his foe, that's why he didnt wipe them out an Dunkirk when he could have...that hesitation gave the British just enough time to escape, Hitler hoped they would reconsider, instead they prepared for the invasion
...and then the Germans discovered a truly frightening foe, a pissed off Pollock in a Spitfire or Hurricane looking to avenge his country and family
...and the British women discovered these same Poles were just as fierce in bed, sorry for the Ramble, the point is......the Republicans in Congress and the Senate know Trump is a piece of Shit, notice he hasnt really rolled out his goon squad again, they flexed behind the scenes, they are using him to negotiate with the Democrats....remember politics by definition is the struggle for power, end of story, nothing about governance for the benefit of the people, just a power struggle, that's why I have voted for Jello Biafra in every election since 1996 because "choosing the lesser of two evils is still evil:  I will never vote for anyone who wants the job, I believe our presidents should be forced at gun point to take the job, those people I can trust, not someone who actively sought power over other people...
and let's not forget, they are public servants  not royalty, drop the honorable and sir_maam bullshit...call then all fuck face and remind them daily that they work for us not the other way around
 being a politician should be akin to being the bacteria in my septic tank, dont care what its name is, I  just expect it to wallow in the shit and do its job
.personally I'm all for responsible anarchy but that would take about 95% of the worlds population  dying quickly only leaving behind the very very young and a few chosen adults to raise them under the beliefs of personal responsibility amd not being a douchebag and im not gonna root for that outcome because I might be considered evil for doing so
I Am Once Again Asking for Your Financial Support
Thank you for responding in a very thoughtful and descriptive manner. 

I guess I would ask the following question of is the bulk of what you’re claiming proven or easily proven? Referring to his intention. That will be the main focus of the trail I’m sure. 

Proving first degree murder in this instance seems incredibly difficult and flimsy. 

I would also like to rebut your assumptions that I myself only have the understanding and comprehension of Terrorism and religious extremism. I do not believe that all terrorists are from the Middle East if that was what you were implying. 

My initial question was, if we label this person a terrorist do we also call the people inciting violence and destruction terrorists as their  actions follow the exact same methods. 

Arson against property, looting, verbal threats of violence as well as physical violence. So we know and have seen for months people on camera doing all of the above but they are not labeled terrorists because no loss of life has resulted from them? 

A quick google of gives us the definition of terrorism as “the unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives”. 

So, at no point am I excusing, dismissing or glorifying the shootings.

I am asking that if we watch all the video from that night and go through the timeline you see the shooter with other “militia” members trying to protect property from large crowds of citizens actively looting and commuting arson. 

Angry citizens begin to verbally assault individuals “protecting” property. The crowd pushes in and the shooter feels threatened. The one gentleman who died from the headshot wound begins to goad the shooter, telling him to shoot him. 

Then it gets very confusing as more shouting happens and the verbal assailants press forward chasing the shooter. 

The man original man challenging the shooter chases him with a Molotov which he then throws at the shooter. It misses and the headshot victim continues to chase. He meets up with the shooter and in the struggle receives a headshot wound. 

The shooter leaves the area as people rush to help the man who was shot. 

As the shooter stands by, looking dazed, other people from the group call out to the crowd and chase the shooter. The shooter runs from the crowd. 

Shortly after the shooter falls or is taken down by a person. I’m recalling so this detail may be off. 

Once the shooter is on the ground a man launches at him with his foot and connects with the shooters body. The man was running at such a high speed that his momentum carries him over and he rolls on the pavement on the other side of the shooters body. 

As the shooter raises up the second gunshot victim approaches with a skateboard and brings the board down onto the head/shoulder area of the shooter. Within seconds this man is shot in the chest. 

As the man who attacked with the skateboard falls off to the side another man, who was rushing forward, aims a pistol at the shooter’s head. 

The shooter fires from the hip and hits the bicep of that individual. Seizing his muscle and locking his grip around the handgun. 

The shooter gets to his feet as the crowd which was advancing begins to run away due to the gun fire. 

The shooter moves quickly toward police with his arms raised and the police yell at him to get out of the way. 

I’m sorry that was a bit long but i feel like it’s
Pretty accurate to what is on the videos. So my reason for going through all of it isn’t to say, hey look this kid isn’t to blame. I mean he took two lives. That’s not okay. There needs to be consequences but by your definition and the one I googled, his actions don’t support terrorism. 

Not from the evidence available to us which is the video of the events. Everything is pretty clear as far as how the entire event unfolded. So in the court room it will have to be proven. Not on tv and not in forums. That’s my point. We’ve jumped to a conclusion that doesn’t have the evidence to support itself but as a society we slap it on. It’s dangerous. 

I do not agree with your claims as it proposes that a person sought out peaceful individuals with intent to harm while you ignore the fact that the people who were harmed were engaging in unlawful and violent acts. 

Again, not saying anyone deserved to be killed or that the shooter is justified. 

I would like to say thank you for engaging in a thoughtful discussion and sorry if this is a bit of a ramble. Typing on my phone.
Aside from the obvious problem of anyone being able to take an online poll just one person with a vpn to change IP addresses their location in between could take the same poll repeatedly and be seen as different “unique” opinions. Any script kiddie with the ability to rent a bot net for a while could automate the whole process and do it at scale. 

Democrats or Repugnantcans it doesn’t matter because online polling is useless because of that. 

Internet Historian did a solid video on this that explains it a bit more visually with more benign stakes. 

https://youtu.be/HiTqIyx6tBU

There’s no real difference to how the polls themselves work. People are already using the internet to intentionally visit a site that already aligns with their interest and beliefs, so even without fuckery you’re still only returning useful info of what the political leanings of the visitors to the website hosting the poll and the level of engagement the site has with its web traffic through the number of visitors that actually clicked the link to take it. 

I agree that they needed to transition to online, but it’s currently an impossible problem. What’s to stop someone from posting the link to it on conservative only website and coordinate effort to go there to take it. You’d see a high approval rating, but have no clue that it’s not actually accurate because there’s no taking into account any abnormal bursts in unique visitors to a site hosting the poll to indicate someone might be going on with the results. They don’t tell you the sources of the polling or how many votes came from where so again, it’s super problematic. Phone calls sucked I’m sure, but at least you knew that they wouldn’t be asked again. 

Making something online and easier to access isn’t always completely beneficial. Yeah more people are probably now engaging and responding to polls, but with the easier access comes easier manipulation methods that previously weren’t possible for this type of polling, but have been close to perfected by the internet. There’s a polar research submarine they asked the internet to submit and vote on what to name which is now Boaty McBoatface for not other purpose than an accomplished chuckle for the quickest example that comes to mind. Yeah there were probably a lot of actual votes and name submissions, but once the internet sees an opportunity for some goofs they take it. If the people running the poll tell the internet to stop and take it seriously, the internet doubles down harder. 

We also live in a country that can’t deal with its inability to apply sports and team mentality to all aspects of life. No one ever in this world should agree with someone just because they’re political affiliation is democrat, republican, libertarian, or bull moose party. Asking “do you approve of the president” or “do you approve of the job the president is doing” will likely net you a lot of people who disapprove of a lot going on, but would say they approve because they’re a republican and he’s “on their team” despite his performance stats and world around them reminding them otherwise. 

We gotta remember, the people funding and running these polling groups aren’t loaded with cash to develop and support a form of security that needs to exist to verify someone participated and identify when a bot net begins auto taking the poll over and over from random locations and IPs across the country. 

This is one of the many cases where a group saw an incoming issue caused by changing technology and waited too long to address it or begin the steps of understanding how it can let along needs to be done. 

A more accurate description would be  39-40% of the few thousand people who responded to the poll approve of the president so we extrapolated it out as a representation of the United States with internet access and also happen to already frequent the website the poll was hosted on extrapolated out and presented as an accurate representation of the U.S. population as a whole. Those who can’t afford internet and the over 300,000,000 who didn’t even know this poll existed until reading a headline about the results are not represented. 

I don’t want to come off as anti-online since I want a future where I can vote on my phone at home with a unique blockchain associated to SNN that verifies the vote came from me and the device I currently am operating, but it might be a while before we get there.
I am, once again, asking you to vote like the health of Democracy depended on it.
First of all I’m not advocating that he is a good person, or that wasn’t asking for trouble taking a tool of war to an act of civil disobedience. I am freaked out all the time by the guns showing up and becoming synonymous with protesting. 
My issue is that it’s been shown through video evidence and eye witness reports that this was not the cut and dry situation it seems. The group he was with was protecting businesses and giving first aid to protestors who were wounded. The video shows him running away before the first shooting, with the dude chasing him throwing a Molotov cocktail at him, and another shoot a gun off. I was honestly impressed with the restraint the shooter used. The second video has him again trying to run away to deescalate the situation after calling the police to report the first shooting, running towards the police to turn himself in. He was punched in the back of the head and fell, was kicked, and shot a man who was trying to rip the gun from his hands. The third guy, who also had a gun,  he shot once in the arm after he pretended to surrender. He didn’t put any extra rounds into the wounded men, he didn’t shoot into the crowd even though there were 5-6 shots going off near him. 

My point is that, while this dude might  be a brainwashed idiot who wanted to LARP as a cop without considering the consequences, that does not mean that the events constitute him dying in jail. I want to deal with the facts, because the right wing propaganda machine knows how to manipulate its viewers. Any slip up by any liberal candidate or news source which makes them appear impartial will start a feeding frenzy for conservatives. I just want a party of justice honesty that serves all Americans, and in this case I think that means giving this kid a chance at a trial before we sentence him to death.
(Through megaphone) **"I AM ONCE AGAIN ASKING FOR YOU TO LEAVE THE WHITE HOUSE."**
I am once again, asking you to read this comment in Bernie’s voice.
"I am once again asking you to support a candidate I spent a year telling you not to trust!"
I am once again asking you to vote for someone other than myself
Once again, I am asking you to support someone other than me.
AOC once again i am asking for your hand in marriage
Who? You mean Harris? I am not saying she is a bad actor and has some kind of "Phony" persona like Trump does. Trump is an idiot and she obviously isn't fake....but also her stance as AG? It was pretty anti weed and upheld a ton of convictions soo....Like that isn't "misinformation" lol that is just what happened. 

She did have a turn in her politics but....maybe she shouldn't bring up busing and I wouldn't think this is valid on the timeline? 

Once again....I am still missing the point of what you are getting at. I am asking about her past as a whole only because that is what is gonna get used against her. From my standpoint she doesn't add anything but another easy target for Trump.
&gt;You stated he sold military equipment to Ukraine. I agree he did this. Are you changing your stance?

You said he did it for $$$. Whah does that mean?

&gt;Care to elaborate on this?

Sure. The National security blob wanted Obama to sell lethal weapons to Ukraine. Obama said no because it would provoke Russia, a nuclear power, to send more weapons to their forces there. He correctly recognized it as an unnecessary escalation. 

&gt;No, I said absolutely nothing even remotely close to that. I would wonder if you replied to the wrong person but you are directly quoting me. 

Well you said that’s why he did it so it begs the question. 

&gt;I am saying Congress had the support to sanction Russia. Both Democrats and Republicans both agreed on sanctioning Russia and Donald Trump, under pressure, signed the bill. Because even if he didn't congress had the votes to push the sanction through anyways

Congress also strongly supported sending weapons to Ukraine. Obama was able to withstand that and his supporters are a lot more about type of thing than Trump’s have demonstrated. 

&gt;Then you aren't caring enough. No one looks at a criminal that got community service and thinks, "He is such a good hearted person. I don't care that he had no other choice. Him doing community service is good enough for me".

Good thing I didn’t say that. And again, remember, I think selling weapons to Ukraine is bad and Trump is bad for doing it. Obama was good for not doing it. 

&gt;And it is good that Donald Trump kicked out 60 Russian spies but it becomes moot once you realize Donald Trump literally gave our intel to Putin directly without even asking for anything in return. 

It doesn’t benefit Putin to have his spies kicked out. If you have a puppet in the White House, it doesn’t make sense to have him do things directly against your interests. But like all conspiracy theories, any evidence against the theory is then incorporated into the theory itself. 

&gt;Russia doesn't need spies in American when Putin can get the President to directly hand over intel without even seeking anything in return.

That was intel that even Obama would probably have given to Russia. We were closely cooperating when it came to bombing ISIS. We didn’t want to accidentally bomb Russian troops and start a shooting 


&gt;Is there a US Puppet leading Venezuela? No. 

If Trump had his way, there would have been. 

&gt;Because Donald Trump failed. Pushing Venezuela even close to Russia's influence. Which is my point. Maybe it was designed to fail to strengthen Russia's sphere of influence with them.

See above. Trump acting directly against Russia’s interests is incorporated into the conspiracy theory. 

&gt;Can you point me to any executive orders, or push for any legislation that Donald Trump has made to stop Germany from buying fuel from Russia? Because I have seen 0 on that front.

So rhetoric counts against Trump when it is pro-Russia but when it is anti-Russia, it doesn’t?

&gt;You might want to open your eyes. It's pretty clear you won't see what is right in front of you. 

Such as?
&gt;What money did he receive for it?

You stated he sold military equipment to Ukraine. I agree he did this. Are you changing your stance?

&gt;It wasn’t a good move. Obama didn’t sell lethal weapons to Ukraine because he knew it was a bad move. 

Care to elaborate on this?

&gt;Sorry are you saying you think Trump cares what happens to people to anti-Russian spied? 

No, I said absolutely nothing even remotely close to that. I would wonder if you replied to the wrong person but you are directly quoting me. I am saying Congress had the support to sanction Russia. Both Democrats and Republicans both agreed on sanctioning Russia and Donald Trump, under pressure, signed the bill. Because even if he didn't congress had the votes to push the sanction through anyways.

&gt;Really? Congress really wanted to sell weapons Ukraine, but Obama threatened a veto so they didn’t do it. I also think it’s funny you think Trump understands what the threshold for a veto proof majority is. 

I don't put it pass Donald Trump to not understand what a veto proof majority is. But I am sure one of his aids or friends could tell him it would make him look bad if he veto'ed it and then they just passed it anyways.

&gt;He signed them. That’s enough for me. He also kicked out more Russian diplomats than Obama did. That was by his executive order. What’s your reasoning behind that?

Then you aren't caring enough. No one looks at a criminal that got community service and thinks, "He is such a good hearted person. I don't care that he had no other choice. Him doing community service is good enough for me". 

And it is good that Donald Trump kicked out 60 Russian spies but it becomes moot once you realize Donald Trump literally gave our intel to Putin directly without even asking for anything in return. Russia doesn't need spies in American when Putin can get the President to directly hand over intel without even seeking anything in return.

https://lawandcrime.com/high-profile/bombshell-report-says-trump-ordered-cia-to-share-counterterrorism-intel-with-russia-despite-no-discernible-reward/

&gt;Lol what? That makes no sense. Putin doesn’t want a US puppet leading Venezuela. 

Is there a US Puppet leading Venezuela? No. Because Donald Trump failed. Pushing Venezuela even close to Russia's influence. Which is my point. Maybe it was designed to fail to strengthen Russia's sphere of influence with them.

&gt;I just watched his press conference. He did it again today, criticizing Germany for buying Russian fuel. Why does Putin want him to is that? We should be out of Germany. We shouldn’t have an empire. 

Can you point me to any executive orders, or push for any legislation that Donald Trump has made to stop Germany from buying fuel from Russia? Because I have seen 0 on that front. 

&gt;Except on Russian natural gas, Venezuela, and Ukraine. Why don’t those roads lead to Russia?

You might want to open your eyes. It's pretty clear you won't see what is right in front of you. But I will gladly keep up the conversation so others can see it and make their own opinions :) Public discourse it is good for society.
I am once again asking for your votes
I am once again asking for you to [register ](https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote#item-212645) to vote. 
And when the time comes, show up at the polls this November!
Thanks for posting that. I thought I'd make a transcript for non-clickers:

(THREAD) Today Donald Trump and Mike Pompeo unveiled the real nightmare scenario for the 2020 election—and the question of what Trump has legal authority to do has nothing to do with it. I hope you'll read on and retweet—as what I'm describing here is what America is heading for.

1/ Autocracies aren't born in rule of law. They're not even primarily born in violence. Rather they arise *despite* rule of law—often on the strength of a benighted populism, in fact just the sort of populist movement Trump is building now over false fears of a "rigged" election.

2/ The question isn't whether Trump has legal authority to move Election Day and thereby extend his presidency—he doesn't—but a different question: what happens if he just declares that he *does* have this power? And what if he can do so with a false *veneer* of legal legitimacy?

3/ By October 31, Trump's decision not to combat COVID-19 (indeed to worsen the pandemic with every one of his words, actions, and decisions not to act), coupled with an incipient flu season, is likely to send America's COVID-19 data—infections, deaths—into its horrifying nadir.

4/ Meanwhile, Trump has put a crony who's likely a witness in an ongoing federal criminal probe—a man who's a peer of perjurers (and worse) Michael Cohen, Elliott Broidy and Gordon Sondland—in charge of the United States Postal Service. Already, this crony is destroying the USPS.

5/ If, on October 30, COVID-19 is cresting—as it likely will be—and the USPS is less able to deliver mail properly than at any point in recent history, as seems likely (and on Trump's end intentional), Trump's self-manufactured "case" for a national emergency will be at its apex.

6/ Today, Mike Pompeo told us Trump lackey Barr—who has never refused the president anything, who appears to be a Trump co-conspirator in the Ukraine scandal, and who has already shown a penchant for violating the law—gets to decide if Trump can announce a change in Election Day.

7/ Note that each time I use the anodyne euphemism "change in Election Day," what I'm describing is in fact apocalyptic—an artificial extension of the Trump presidency corresponding with the end of American democracy and the beginning of Trump's reign as America's first autocrat.

8/ Barr has already instructed OLC (the Office of Legal Counsel) to produce opinions that violate all existing law (for that matter, we saw that during the prior GOP administration, Bush's, as to torture). Barr can get the OLC to crush a CIA whistleblower—or change Election Day.

9/ I ask anyone reading this to simply play out the following hypothetical—the one I offer in the next tweet—which is "hypothetical" only inasmuch as it takes everything we know about Trump, Pompeo, Barr, COVID-19, and the USPS *right now* and projects it 90 days into the future:

10/ On October 30, Trump announces, with an OLC opinion "granting" him this power in hand, that he is moving the 2020 presidential election 120 days, after which time he will review the nation's ability to safely and securely conduct an election. He announces it via tweet and TV.

11/ Understand that this would be illegal—and wouldn't change election day. But that wouldn't be the point. The point would be to *convince Trump voters not to vote*. You may have to read the preceding sentence multiple times—it's counterintuitive unless you're a metamodernist.

12/ This thread isn't on metamodernism. All you need to know is that on the day in June 2015 Trump announced his candidacy, I published a HuffPost essay declaring that what made Trump dangerous was his ability to manipulate reality (in a way theorists connect to "metamodernism").

13/ The way to win an unwinnable election, using the sort of powerful reframing of events a certain way of thinking Trump instinctively (not intelligently or responsibly) employs, is not to turn out your voters... but *declare the election invalid once your voters don't show up*.

14/ The purpose of the pre-election Trump announcement I am hypothesizing here would not be to help Trump *win* the 2020 election, but to convince so many Trump voters *not to vote* that the results of the election favor Biden by *so much* the election looks wholly illegitimate.

15/ Imagine a scenario in which, with 3 branches of government—executive, judicial, legislative—you have the executive branch declaring the election was moved, the judicial branch (as yet) silent, and the legislative branch in chaos because no one in the GOP knows what to say/do.

16/ By convincing his voters to stay home—because he's "moved the election"—Trump will have caused every GOP member of Congress to *lose their reelection*, *forcing* them to back his play and say that the election was delayed and therefore Biden didn't actually win on November 3.

17/ The result: an executive branch that says the election was invalid; half the legislative branch (the GOP half) saying the election was invalid; election results that *look* invalid (as Biden has won by 50+ points); and a judicial branch that hasn't—and can't—say anything yet.

18/ In that circumstance, what does "rule of law" even mean? You have a separation of powers issue—a conflict between branches of government—that the Supreme Court *must* hear, and because it's the most complex case ever heard by SCOTUS in US history, it's impossible to expedite.

19/ The mere fact that Trump would have enacted this constitutional crisis just 96 hours pre-election means SCOTUS *can't* speak on it pre-election, and the complexity of the case would throw into chaos *all* state election deadlines. Which is basically the point of Trump's plot.

20/ All Trump needs in this scenario is (a) SCOTUS to move at its usual glacial pace, and (b) GOP-run states (states with GOP secretaries of state running their elections) to *refuse to certify election results* or *choose electors* until the Supreme Court has acted on the issue.

21/ I'm not even sure *Trump* would be the plaintiff in this case—as he and his GOP allies in Congress (and GOP secretaries of state) would so adamantly declare the election results invalid they might wait to make the *Democrats* sue in federal court, making them look desperate.

22/ And how magnanimous Trump will be! He and his GOP allies will offer to *negotiate* with Democrats in lieu of them filing a federal suit. Trump will say, "We have to wait until this invisible plague is under control. That's *all* anyone is asking here." It'll sound persuasive!

23/ Know what'll make it *more* persuasive? Election results so insane-looking—Biden 82%, Trump 15%—they'll make Egypt's el-Sisi blush. Biden will be half-inclined to *agree* with Trump on a do-over—knowing his term as an "illegitimate monarch" may be marked by historic violence.

24/ Right now I need everyone in media; everyone on "legal Twitter"; everyone who's a professional political analyst to comment on this thread—or on your own feeds, it doesn't matter—explaining why this Trump plan wouldn't work. Why it isn't *exactly* what he's setting us up for.

25/ Understand that I didn't develop this thread out of some fever dream. All I did was take statements and actions by Trump, Barr, and Pompeo; the current status of COVID-19 and the USPS (and who controls each); and the way of thinking Trump has exhibited *since June 2015*. /end

PS/ I understand—and empathize with, as a lawyer—those who reply, "Nah, he ceases to be POTUS on January 20th at noon." Again, that's the view that *law* determines if a coup is successful, not the brute force of populism and logistics—the logic undergirding Trump's actions now.

PS2/ In the scenario I've described, yes, the law would suggest Biden—having won the election 82% to 15%; with less than 270 electoral votes; and with all GOP politicians and all GOP secretaries of state and most GOP voters saying he won a fake election—is the president. So what?

PS3/ What would in mean—in that scenario—for someone to be "president"? And that's the question the five ultra-conservative justices of the Supreme Court would have to decide, probably on a timeline so glacial it couldn't be concluded effectively until early January 2021 at best.

PS4/ More importantly, that's the question *Democrats* would have to decide—and would probably be deciding in the midst of historic Republican protests and threats of violence all across the country. Would *Democrats* consider it their best move to accept that election "victory"?

PS5/ We learned in January '20 that impeachments are about politics, not law—though they're supposed to adhere to rule of law. In January '21 we may learn *elections* are *also* about politics, not law. What happens if Dems must allow a do-over to preserve the peace of our Union?

NOTE/ This scenario works for Trump even if early voting depresses Biden's win to (say) 62% to 36%. It may even work without Barr aboard. It may work if the "don't vote" effort is homegrown, inspired and supported by Trump but not demanded by him. The premise itself is the thing.

NOTE2/ The solution here is for America to publicly discuss this scenario *now*—and invalidate it. GOP politicians must agree to abide by the election results even if Trump convinces his voters not to show up. Barr must state clearly that Trump cannot legally "move" election day.

NOTE3/ Constitutional law experts must play out how SCOTUS would act. Election law experts must do scenario-planning on how misconduct by GOP secretaries of state could be thwarted. Dems must educate Republicans on who's POTUS on January 20 if SCOTUS is still working on a ruling.

NOTE4/ Democrats must announce now that there'll be no "do-over" election—and anyone who opts not to vote is making a decision they must *live by*. Emergency assistance must be provided to USPS. Social media should deem Trump tweets on moving election day "election interference."

*TL: I dropped NOTE5 due to reddit length limit)*
My friend...I am once again asking for your support...
I am once again asking why the GOP thinks that the police not being in CHAZ had any effect on this crime happening.
&gt;I am a father of 2 elementary kids.

Then my bad for assuming.  But saying something like "Can that not be used to make it work for the rest of the year?" I something I've been hearing from my non-parent friends.  You should know that what's worked in the past is no longer a real option now, and, without knowing *your* situation, that should be fairly obvious to anyone who is a parent.  There is no daycare.  There is no in-person summer school with before-after hours child care.  The babysitting options are slim to none.  Having neighbors watch the kids isn't much of an option.  So when you ask what they do all summer, and follow it with asking why they can't just continue that, it comes off as (again, not trying to be insulting) pretty ignorant to what many families face.

&gt;Also online classes will have teacher involvement

Well, of course they will.  Khan Academy isn't going to be teaching kids in lieu of teachers.  That doesn't really address what I said, though.  Teachers can only do so much, as is evident with even in-person classes with kids whose parents can't or don't support their education.  Add to that now the fact that these teachers won't be able to influence or help them by having them in a classroom, and you've got yet another obstacle in the way for these kids.  Everything you've listed is how online learning is going to be implemented, but doesn't address the root of the issues I brought up.  If it has to happen, obviously creating a comprehensive curriculum for online learning, as well as the most efficient way to implement it is needed.  But if parents can't or won't take upon themselves the added responsibility of working with their children throughout the day to make sure they have the resources and support they need to succeed in a completely virtual classroom, those kids are going to be left behind.  This isn't arguing *for* reopening schools.  It's presenting many of problems people recognize with *not* opening them, instead of simply saying that people who want schools to reopen are just playing with their kids' lives.

&gt;This is literally what I'm being told by a bunch of parents when I point out that the studies they keep citing are as rosey as they present them to be.

Have you not had a single nuanced conversation with another parent on this topic?  From your description of your conversations, you make it sound like "they" are only painting that rosy picture, and not acknowledging the opposing dangers of reopening.  If that's the case, then those parents *do* need to look at the bigger picture.  But I've not had that experience at all.  Pretty much everyone I've talked to, parents and non-parents alike, recognize that there are problems with pretty much every option, and it isn't an easy decision.  I know there are people on either side who don't want to listen to all the options and consequences, but my only experience with that has been seeing these all-encompassing examples on reddit.  If it fits your real world experiences, again, my apologies.  But from the *many* conversations I've had, people have much more complicated opinions.

&gt;And is it not going to fuck with their heads when they have to wear masks all day...

Of course it will.  I never said it wouldn't.  I said that ignoring the sociological effects prolonged prohibition of human contact has on children is a valid concern.  Does my son mope around because he can't see his friends?  Honestly, sometimes yeah, he does.  He doesn't wallow in it every moment of every day, and we do a ton to keep him and his brother engaged with life.  But missing his friends was something that really hit him once he saw a classmate he hadn't seen in months, and I think it did affect him on a deeply emotional level.  I'm not saying that we need to open schools up just so kids can see their friends.  I'm saying that there are many consequences to keeping them closed, and a child's emotional well-being is one of them, even if you don't believe it justifies the danger of sending kids back to school.

&gt;But I'm seeing VERY well off families (the type who take $5000+ week long vacations every year and hire personal tutors over the summer) acting like there's no other options than in-person.

Again, I'm sure those people exist.  But they aren't a majority, at least in my experience.

&gt;I think at a minimum we should't be going back while cases are NOT declining.

That's fair, although I think everyone will agree that, regardless your opinion on reopening schools, doing so will cause an increase in cases.  That's just inevitable.  So that would appear to be an unattainable standard if things need to shut down again when there is an increase.  

We'll see.  Academically, I'm not too worried about my kids since, as I said, we're in a position to provide them with a ton of support with minimal changes to our normal lives.  And this whole situation has led to unique opportunities for learning experiences that we may not have had or thought of outside the pandemic.  Emotionally and socially, they're pretty well-adjusted too, although I do have concerns over how they will respond to a continued separation from their friends, and the lack of an opportunity to learn social skills such as meeting other children and learning how to interact with others.  I might be putting too much thought into it, but I'm not going to dismiss it either. And I'm not going to act like I have all the answers, o

My worry is that, a year or two from now, there won't be an effective vaccine, and we'll have to accept the fact that, just as we know 25k-50k people will die of the flu each year, the new normal will be that 150k-200k will die of COVID each year.  I know that doesn't really have anything to do with our discussion here, but that's what I see happening.  Not a world I want to live in, but shit is fucked right now.
Oh God! In 2016 they started with this stupidity and ironically it turned out to be the ones asking Trump the same thing then that would not and still have not accepted the results of the election! If he wins again, will Democrats and the left wing media finally accept it and start doing something besides trying to destroy Trump. You will have wasted all four years of his first term determined to undo the will of the American voters. So really it would be much more appropriate to be asking the Democrats this question since they have still never accepted that Trump won in 2016. They also have been unable to focus on anything except destroying the man. I would like to hear them tell me the truth. No, the Dems will not accept it once again if Trump wins and we will have to watch four more years of their insanity, raging over it and trying to come up with anything to undo the will of the American voter. That's okay. The more their energy is focused there then America is probably safer because if they were focused on policy and having any success changing any then I am sure much damage would be done to the country as a result. So focus on undoing Trump if he wins for the next four years.  You have not been very successful at that.
&gt; Again, you are conflating the non political word conservative with the political word Conservative.

Wrong.

&gt; I am a Conservative. That means I vote for smaller government, less taxes, less regulation, more personal liberty. I am 100% FOR equality for ALL people and I am 100% against any form of slavery or segregation.

Likely a lie.

&gt; The Left tries to conflate these terms to weasel out of the Democrat's long history of violent anti black racism.

As a left-leaning Libertarian I not only did not "weasel out of" or conflate anything, I flat out owned it and acknowledged it. Then clarified the historical context that you are going well out of your way to avoid.

If you'd actually opened up the links I provided you'd know that, but you didn't did you?

That's why I'm not really going to continue engaging seriously because you're operating like most Conservatives in 100% bad faith.

&gt; But it's NOT a lie. 100% of slave owners were Democrats both North and South. There is no evidence whatsoever that conservative or progressive Democrats of that day differed in that view.

You really didn't read any of my links. Which again, bad faith. This is what Conservatives do. They demand evidence/proof but then when it is provided they ignore it. I've had this very same kind of interaction many times over the years.

&gt; The sad reality is that the Democrats made a deal with the devil. All Democrats accepted slave holders as vital and indispensable members of their party because doing so gave them political power.

I do not believe this is historically correct based on what I've read and I've read up on this extensively. Slavery was broadly accepted by much of the world at one point however it was something that the North was trying really hard to buck and it was Conservative Democrats that were opposed to it. You REALLY need to learn some [history](https://www.history.com/news/how-the-party-of-lincoln-won-over-the-once-democratic-south).

&gt; Name one unconstitutional action.

Hell that's easy, sending federal goons into Portland. Obstructing Constitutionally mandated oversight by Congress. Effectively putting himself above the law with the GOP at his back supporting him. I mean you could argue that Trump is an outlier and not a true Conservative therefore Constitutionality isn't really relevant for him, but you can't argue that the majority of the Republican party is supporting him and his authoritarian tendencies.

But then again as I said, you're arguing in bad faith so you're not likely to accept any of what I'm saying or any evidence I provide.

&gt; He committed no impeachable offense. Can you name the statute of which you claim he violated?

Uh... [what](https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/multiple-republicans-agree-trump-s-guilty-it-doesn-t-matter-n1130511)? He was impeached. The body tasked with deciding whether or not he committed impeachable offenses impeached him. Therefore he committed impeachment offenses. The article I just posted highlights a few Republicans who even agreed to that effect.

&gt; Again, where is your proof? Saying Trump is a racist is simply delusional. Where is you proof? You should be able to Google it and find indisputable examples in 10 seconds.

Yep, you're [right](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/28/us/politics/donald-trump-housing-race.html) it is [easy](https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2020/05/trump-looters-shooters-racism.html) to [find](https://news.knowledia.com/GB/en/articles/mary-trump-says-she-s-heard-the-president-use-the-n-word-and-anti-semitic-7b110ccd400a06b41b339b35f2e1f9192941f7d2) but I also know that you won't look at a single link I've posted because I've already posted several and you've demonstrated that you haven't looked at a single one based on your replies in the very comment I'm replying to now.

If someone asks for evidence, then when that evidence is provided they simply ignore it and demand more evidence... that is not someone who is interested in evidence. Which further reinforces the key assertions I made before which is that Conservatives (As you've identified yourself) are dishonest.

You are being dishonest by asking for evidence then ignoring it when provided so that you can continue beating the "You have no evidence" drum.

&gt; The Southern Strategy has been debunked as false.

You're either lying or you've been deceived. It absolutely has not been [debunked](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvO0LEvPdzI) not even a [little bit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_strategy) I mean it's not like we have [evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_8E3ENrKrQ) or anything like that.

Which that last link demonstrates the pervasive deception of the Conservative ideology.

&gt; Absolute proof: Can you name any policies, candidates, positions, support, for ANY racist attempt to attract racist southern Democrats? In other words, if such a strategy existed, give an example of it being put into use.

Sure I could, it's been heavily [studied](https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/journal-of-policy-history/article/nixons-southern-strategy-revisited/700408B092EAAF23A4980969E1E40CE0) but I'm not going to waste my time. We've been going back and forth for a relatively short time and you've already managed to ask for [evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6C-kBVggFrs) multiple times and ignored it when provided multiple times.

Quite frankly you've demonstrated that you are not interested in introspection or having your mind changed which means that any request for evidence is inherently done in bad faith as you'll ignore it (as you've already done), try to deny it or pivot.

In fact it's funny because what you're doing really is just asking the same thing in slightly different ways despite the fact that I've already given you quite a few links for the more obvious ones which you clearly have not looked at. I don't think you're capable of accepting the premise that your party comes from racist roots and has simply gotten extremely good at hiding/masking their racism. Or as you're doing, deflecting it onto Democrats based on dubious interpretation of history.
Honestly. I think this movement is incredibly misguided and it has actually made my life worse as a Black person. 

First. I wasn't really aware that police brutality and specifically the killing of black people by police  is a real problem to us, especially on the individual level. Sure, more black people are killed by police than the population should merit. But it is only 200 a year...out of 32 million. 75% of those killings are Justified and had an armed suspect. So all this for 50 potential innocent black people a year? Bear in mind that those 50 could be guilty, they were just unarmed.  You run the numbers and black people are killed, innocently, by police, at the same rate we are struck by lightning. 

Second. Even if you say this movement is to fight oppression and inequality, it feels like , at this point, us black people have enough agency to fight inequality on our own, as individuals. There are so many examples of black success all across the board. I don't even need to name them there are so many. It is clear that you can be black and do anything you want to do at this point. While I understand that there are some statistics about inequality in the professional setting. A lot of those are really things that are indivudal and have to deal with confidence. Things like negotiating salaries, asking for advancement. Or they are related to commiting crimes, staying in school, and doing well in school once you get there.    


I feel like we are at a point where you are hurt the most by racism if you believe systemic racism exists and you let it "get" to you. 

And this is why I think this movement is harmful. It reinforces systemic racism. BLM people are constantly chanting things like police are dangerous to blacks. Blacks can't get ahead. Blacks are oppresed. But I think this stuff is only true if you believe it is true.   


My own personal experience with this has been pretty shitty. I try to remain positive. But also I am doing well right now, even in this pandemic. Yet, when I point out that I am happy, that I don't hate police, I don't hate white people, and I don't hate america. People , and specifically black lives matter people meet me with hatred and suspicion. They call me priveledged, say my opinions don't matter, and say that I shouldn't speak about this. On reddit, they often say I am a troll and not black. 

It feels like this story of the oppressed black person is something people want to believe and they can't handle opposition of it. They don't seem very positive to the notion that we can live happy fulfilling lives. 

Honestly. That seems pretty racist to me. Like not weird pseudo-reverse racist. It just feels like garden variety racism. Like what does this movement want exactly? We have equal rights laws? We have civil protections. WE have emancipation. What exactly do they want?   


I feel like they want to take measures to ensure an equal outcome. But that is dangerous and I don't think we should do that, especially the government. It is important that people earn their place, regardless of their race. And, while I get that we have a racist past, once we remove barriers and prejudices, shouldn't the problem self correct? Contrary to popular belief, wealth isn't maintained through generations. Systems change. Everyone really does have a fresh start. And we have  already put in the ground work for equal opportunity, at least in the eyes of the law. 

I guess the final thing is that we need to have is equal opportunity in our hearts. But doesn't equal opportunity mean getting past race itself? Like shouldn't we treat people the same regardless of race from hear on out? Pragmatically, do any of us really have good data on racial inequality? There are studies , but they lag. And most people don't read them. So like it seems we just need to go equal treatment from now on. If that is true, than why all this focus on blacks? IS there anything fundamentally different from us? Arne't we just people?

Me personally. I was a person before this all started. Not only that, I worked pretty hard so that people understood that me being black, meant very little to my values, my intellect, my emotions, my desires, my hopes, and my humanity. Now, after all of these protests, people are just treating me like a black person again. And .... I don't know what that means. I am kind of freaked out since many of the people that do, don't know me that well. So I kind of hate it. 

&amp;#x200B;

Dunno people. I kind of wished we all protested something actually worthwhile, like the global pandemic (which would mean staying home), Globlal Warming, or the illegality of Sex Work. But no. We are protesting this. 

Thanks I hate it.
Comments like this are the biggest reason I struggle with voting for Biden. Liberals are once again disregarding progressives and blaming them for everything, just like in 2016. The Bernie campaign was always about building bridges and connecting across ideologies, of which it did very well. 

The hate and vitriol we faced as Bernie won state after state frustrated us. Then, when Bernie finally drops out, we turn instead to asking Biden “Why do you deserve our vote?” We are an ideological group that is fighting for what we believe in, but we are constantly told to shut up and stick with the status quo. 

I don’t mind voting for Democrats, but what I can’t stand is the constant hateful and negative rhetoric thrown at progressives by liberals. Politicians and their support base should be building bridges, not holding voters hostage and saying “You’re a piece of shit if you don’t vote for me!” 

I could go on and on about this for days. We could discuss the blatant rigging of the primary, mass voter suppression, media blackout, and so much more. But there is never an opportunity to have those discussions because I am immediately overwhelmed with negativity telling me I’m a horrific person and enabling Trump. 

Now I feel the need to note that I did work for Senator Sanders on his 2020 campaign. I have a deep understanding of what happened, what went wrong, etc. So take that bias as you will. 

I must close by saying I didnt support Sanders because I worked for him, but rather I worked for him because I supported him.
