Red pilling is becoming disenchanted with the social and economic platforms you used to stand for, and moving very far in the opposite direction. One of the most cited events that red pilled a lot of what are now fascists was Occupy Wall Street. They saw that the protest did absolutely nothing but make rich people laugh at this squalid group of people who had no power to affect change, and they drew the conclusion that only fascism and authoritarian power can fix the social problems facing them. Instead of going, OK we suck at protesting, how do we get better in order to gain broader support for change.
The illusion of free will is OK,

Once people are Red Pilled the oppression is easy to see when you know the end goal.
Sounds like Santorum has been red pilled.
GOP voters are just a bunch of angry, "red pilled," white, conspiracy theorists that are angry the world is not worshiping their mediocrity.   


The platform and ideas irrelevant. They will literally make up stories to continue their fantasy. In short, they are truly brainwashed.
Based and climate change black pilled
idiot pilled
good job kid..you mighta had a lonely life and been spending too much money on lotion and tissues if you stayed red pilled...
My dude, I’m shocked that you are getting downvotes for simply asking a very valid question. It’s not like you’re baiting. It’s obvious you aren’t.  Both political parties are way too territorial and defensive. It’s perfectly OK to ask questions that SHOULD have very concise answers. It’s worrisome when we can’t ask questions without being shut down and ignored and worse, downvoted for it. 

I was red-pilled in 2007 and yet if my political party was the cause or at least mostly to blame for season-long riots that caused as many deaths and such a massive monetary figure in damages, I’d be freaking out and demanding answers. I wouldn’t behave like the media wants and pretending it never happened. That’s insane.
Look at this red pilled Canadian conservative trying to shit on the American president.  How's your vaccine rollout going there champ?
No red-~~pilled~~blooded conservative man wants to watch a woman with that many opinions that could definitely kick their ass
Based and in fact blue pilled
Based and Biden-pilled.
People here kinda are missing the point, so let's clarify: Waters is completely based and Republicans are literally making shit up about her. Waters is literally saying people should protest (a form a free speech) if someone who killed someone else gets off scot free. And people are slandering her and saying that she is encouraging violence, because they think she is associated with Antifa, or something. 

Only people who should be outraged are Q-pilled.
Based and brain-pilled. It's blatant disinformation to discredit conspiracies that actually exist, such as America having a two party voting system
Based and Desantis-pilled
Trump's unwillingness to quash the Qanon conspiracy (a conspiracy that was likely amplified by Trump's operatives) helped it metastasize. People from all walks of life have been red pilled and while the loss of the election and the subsequent failure to change the results have demoralized some Qanon followers, there are plenty that have been keeping the movement alive, shifting the narrative and moving in a new direction. I don't know what you expect our intelligence services to do to change the minds of tens of thousands (or hundreds of thousands or maybe millions?) of true believers who have adopted Qanon as a quasi religion fueled by people who have made a decent living as Q influencers. This strain of wide spread conspiratorial belief that is becoming increasingly popular in our society (a symptom of the increasing discomfort and insecurity in the face of shifting economic prospects) will continue to be a problem for the foreseeable future. Q is gone, for now at least, but I am willing to bet that there will be a new strain of conspiratorial thought to take its place.
Listen all I’m saying is that I think it’s great Bernie is on the team now instead of being shit pilled by [racist provocateurs](https://www.politico.com/story/2019/03/22/sanders-speechwriter-racially-inflammatory-website-1232953) who have never helped foment any positive change in American society.
Cringe and blue pilled
I've done a fair amount. And I don't believe anything is as black/white (not referring to race here) and the media leads us to believe. There is so much tribalism taking place that any position by one side is automatically villified by the other. That's what I see, and no amount of "research" is going to change what's taking place. The only thing I can hope is that maybe one person will get red-pilled and see that we are living in 1984 and it's been creeping up on us for decades.
Comment section always blue pilled sheep, cringe.
&gt;Even the most Q-pilled constituent (which not all of them are) still wants affordable health care, housing, steady jobs etc.

LOL, then the Repubs that fought it the hardest go home and take credit for it!
Because just calling your opponent crazy isn't an actual strategy. Look at how that worked against Trump. Not only did he win in the first place, after 4 years of pointing out how racist and stupid he is (regardless of whether that is true or not, which it is), he actually made gains with people of color in a lot of areas. 

Dems need to stop trying to run on being the "decent and well-behaved" alternative and focus on actually improving material conditions. Even the most Q-pilled constituent (which not all of them are) still wants affordable health care, housing, steady jobs etc.
I'm so sick of hearing 'red pilled'
&gt;The elites are deathly afraid (Mike Pence, literally) of this wacky base.

I think Frankenstein's monster is a very apt analogy with the current state of conservative politics. The Republicans cultivated something that they can no longer control, so now they have no choice but to kowtow to the most extreme of their base. That's why we're getting standing ovations for "pilled" Representatives who believe in Jewish space lasers and harass school shooting victims and Ted Cruz all of a sudden getting a hard-on for the MLB's trust protections because standing against voting suppression is apparently a bad thing and a loony agenda against trans people and members of their own party getting censured for embracing reality about vote counts and...and...and...

I think folks forget that Trump was never a Republican insider. The old guard hated him and Rafael was their boy in 2015 with Cleveland having been predicted to be a split conference. But Trump pulled ahead at the last minute, and Republicans being natural authoritarians, fell in line. Now they have no choice but to embrace Trumpism going forward. They made the same mistake a decade ago embracing the Tea Party, which ironically screwed them on getting rid of the ACA in its entirety. Except having a conspiracy-minded, pro-fascists base is a lot more dangerous than having a few pseudo-libertarians who make up the Freedom Caucus.
It’s also literally the exact same as the Nazi conspiracy of the great replacement. The most popular political pundit in America is literally beaming unabashed Nazi talking points into millions of homes every night. This shit has me so black-pilled.
Acided and green pilled.
Imagine backing these people that are just diving headfirst into ignorance and thinking you're "red-pilled".
I just listened to a Behind the Bastards on Zuckerberg. He is a vile human. Early on, he knew what his algorithms were doing and refused to stop it. Now our grandmas are pilled, our uncles refer to masks as muzzles, and Mark is a bit richer.
That Republican brand, it’s people, and really everything about them is demonstrably reprehensible and counterproductive to a free and democratic society of equals.

Fuck them. I hope their maskless, vaccine-less, anti-democratic bodies are buried along with their shit-stained/ red-pilled ideology of gleeful ignorance.

Have a nice day, and thanks for ruining our country and countless families. Assholes.
A lot of my family have been pilled.   I they are true believers.  Also my first uncles to get pilled happened in like 2002.  There probably is a certain percentage of people who do it to own the libs.  I think those are the small minority.   Look at Noah green. A lot of there main beliefs are just versions of the same thing Q followers believe.  There is a certain part of our population that believe and are attracted to conspiratorial thinking.   This is frightening and we need to be doing everything we can to understand it and try to stop it.
Based and green pilled
I do not know.  I do not think it would have been as big with out social media but it has been brewing for decades.  Half my family was pilled back in 2002-2004.  Prior to the Q thing I thought it was specific to a rural anti-government mindset in certain rural areas like Indiana and Michigan.  I thought my family was like an out liar.   But after Q that is obviously not the case and many people are acceptable to being pilled.
My sheriff (chad Bianco) still believes this nonsense. He’s been bullied into unfollowing a lot of these accounts but he still spews vile Q-pilled nonsense
Marxist-Leninist pilled.
This is obviously true, but when fact checker sites also go and say things like, “Did Biden fall up the stairs to AF1? Mostly False,” how can we expect a fact check like this one to have any impact on the millions of people who are fully pilled on the idea that Antifa didnt exist until Barack Obama and George Soros hatched a sinister plot.
Sounds like they're getting red pilled by the right-wing outrage machine.

Warner Brothers reduced the tits of Lola Bunny because this is a kid's movie and they think they will sell more tickets if they make the movie more appealing to parents who don't like over-sexualized cartoons. That includes left-wing feminists but also Christian conservatives. 

And yet the right-wing media doesn't mention anything about the religious conservatives being part of the equation here, which shows this whole outrage is nothing more than way to attack "the left" disguised as a fake culture war.
They’re red pilled
Tucker carlson severely red pilled my mom and made her think it's okay to call yourself a nationalist so tucker carlson can go fuck himself
The amount of red-pilled idiots claiming Tucker was right is silly. As if pregnant women are literally there in the trenches at 9 months. They can't come to realize that Tucker in Tucker fashion, jumped to a conclusion about a flight suit picture. Those women being given those maternity flight suits have been there for months; the entire purpose of the maternity flight suit study was b/c they found the women were borrowing men's uniforms or making costly adjustments to their own to be more comfortable &amp; this caused safety concerns. There was a small article about it in the AirForce Mag back in Nov. that explains everything if Tucker actually researched his views.

https://www.airforcemag.com/pregnant-airmen-needed-to-test-out-usafs-maternity-flight-suits/
"We're gonna make our own country! And we're gonna commission the 1st and 2nd Toxic Masculinity Regiments to be the most powerful, red-pilled military in the world!"
Yikes and cringe pilled
Lol holy man. Not even enough news that they have to share satirical news stories. Like a weird red pilled onion
I agree we need to keep these corporations in the states so they are employing Americans; the problem becomes how can you compete with cheap labor costs in the else where's of the world? If you have an Iphone (I use this analogy because I have one and have been red pilled about this recently), you have indirectly contributed the slave industry that collects the materials to assemble your phone. Disney Cruise Lines flies under foreign flags so they can dodge US taxes. What I'm trying to say is how do you pass legislation to eliminate outsourcing or cheap foreign labor?
No they are different groups but they are both 100% purely devoted to white supremacy and just as insidious and dangerous as any other kkk theocratic terrorist organizations. Their goals are one and the same, they want to convince society to blame all the worlds evils on Jewish, black, brown and LGBT people so they can have their fantasy race/civil war. Then once they get their civil war started, they plan on killing all minorities and murdering all the liberal non Christian white traitors who who mocked them or refused to join, support or propagate them. These are their collective actual plans that they write and share on their social media accounts. They use these statements to both attract likeminded individuals to their cause and actively repel people with moral fiber. Its mind boggling how they casually and openly brag about how after they win the war they plan to round up and cull all women who are not attractive young or fit enough to be used as breeding chattel and force all the remaining perfect 10’s into bondage as disposable sex slaves. It’s like we have our own American Taliban and they declared a holy war on reality, decency, empathy, democracy, human rights, science, liberty, equality and freedom of religion. They also want us to return to the Stone Age where social Darwinism and survival of the fittest reigns supreme. Luckily these organizations only manage to recruit the worst absolute most pathetic and psychotic rejects, losers and failures of society. If their entire base wasn’t nothing but a collection of whiny weaklings, sniveling cowards, red pilled rejects and mouth breathers, they might have actually have been able to accomplish their goals to create a new world order.
Based and joker-pilled
classic liberal. Completely ignore the faults of someone as long as they aren't team red. Straight brunch pilled.

I don't see how working on one of the most spectacularly failing campaigns in history and helping write a republican healthcare plan (aca is romney care) makes her good.
Something-pilled
Wow I got absolutely dog pilled, 
im new to posting in r/politics so my bad for favoring a short. Sarcastic comment instead of a more lengthy explanation of my position 
First I do not support the American prison system I do not like for profit prisons and I do understand that labor creates an incentive to keep the prisoners.
Second I do not support prison labor for all, I understand many incarcerated individuals are in there for petty crimes, or due to errors and biases within the justice system.
What I was attempting to say is that we tax payers pay alot to keep people in jail, people that should be in jail such as murders, rapist, etc. And those I belive do need to make up costs in some way. 
We pay more to keep prisoners in jail than we do to fund public education. Which to me is ridiculous.
https://money.cnn.com/infographic/economy/education-vs-prison-costs/
I understand it was my error for making a quip and not a more detailed post about my views. I don't think my views are outlandish. 
1. The prison system sucks
2. Not all prisoners are rightly incarcerated 
3. There are some who are and it is widely expensive to keep and maintain them which is why I agree with some form of labor to help with the cost that we the tax payers pay for.
&gt; Fast forward to now, where the GOP lost... and it's still the left that needs to "understand" Trump supporters and reach out to them in the name of unity. 

We don't need to reach out or understand Trump supporters. We need to ignore them and move forward. It's Biden and his administration's job to hear out republicans and reward good faith efforts to help govern. We need the leader of the country to espouse unity and govern for every citizen, but all of my Trump-loving, red pilled former friends and family can all pound sand until they are willing to come back to polite society and act like decent human beings. It's not my job to help heal that divide; they broke the social contract, they thumbed their nose at basic human decency and they reveled in the pain of others for 4+ years.
He’s talking about Cuomo for fuck’s sake. Y’all blue pilled folks never fail to amaze me.
The core value of conservatism is being based and red pilled. No more, no less.
I thought I was cynical. I thought I was black-pilled. 

Today, I have hope for it is now clear I have not reached bottom.
Shhhh, they don't like being pilled around here.
Yes "progress" like your Feces strewn needle pilled streets of California where the middle class is running away so fast you can hear the public union pensions becoming insolvent in real time. You want actual progress vote for common sense policy not ideological clap trap, Democrat's are offering nothing but marxist stoogery disguised as "helping". If Progressivism failed in California then its not viable anywhere, economically, socially and morally a defunct idea pushed by people who contribute nothing to society or are on the take.
This sub was a pretty big factor in me getting red pilled.
I know a lot of people that just turned 18 that ain’t voting Democratic. A lot of young kids are red pilled and don’t align themselves with the woke nonsense of the left
Based and true libertarian pilled
No he was based and gold pilled
Yeah. I see this as the beginning. Conservatives are just regrouping right now. They conspiracy theories have become so far engrained in the GOP it is too late. Every white male I grew up with is super red pilled. You don’t just turn it off. Remember, conservatives have gotten to the point where they say Fox News is liberal
You're right, but that bill was "poison pilled" too.

&gt;The bill is a way for Democrats to send a message about their outlook on drugs in a nation where more cities and states already have become more accepting. It creates an excise tax on cannabis sales and directs the money to be targeted to communities adversely affected by the so-called war on drugs.

&gt;The bill specifically **adds incentives for minority-owned businesses to help them enter the cannabis market**, which has exploded in recent years given the relaxation in controls in some places within the United States.

Republicans won't touch that with a 10 foot pole.
This is a game of chicken between the republicans and the democrats. Nobody *really* wants to let Trump fester in the corner of the house. He's a rotten pile of garbage and he attracts literal vermin. The problem is our country is run by a bunch of rich, trust fund, cowardly, opportunists. It's game theory..

If you're Mitch McConnell you 100% want the trash taken out. You just don't want to be on the team that does it. Those rats? They vote Republican and they'll follow that rotten orange bag of trash right out of the party if Mitch has to get his saggy white hands dirty. He would much prefer to make the Biden DOJ do it. 

"Oh look, the RADICAL DEMOCRATS are playing PARTISAN POLITICS and imprisoning or disqualifying your favorite orange bag of feces! It's not MY fault, rats!"

If you're Joe Biden, you want that property value destroying pile of Nazi trash taken out just as bad as old Mitch. You don't need those rats but unfortunately, if YOU take their trash out, they'll destroy your house just out of dumb spite. Plus it *really doesn't look good* to be seen on TV wading into a pile of vermin infested trash. Biden's voters are very sensitive and want a leader who is *perfect.* That's how democrats are. They don't have a strong stomach for dealing with dirty problems. Maybe they think they could tame a few rats, if only, they don't deal with the trash.

So we're sitting in a house that's getting stinkier and more infested every day but nobody is quite sure how to take out the rotten pile of fascist trash without getting some garbage juice on their designer shoes. 

Meanwhile our neighbors are wondering if they're going to have to quarantine the whole goddamn building. We're literally like a frat house in a nice neighborhood and about 40% of the bros got red-pilled and the rest of them just don't want to take the trash out because it's bad for their image.
Has anyone seriously considered the fact that she could actually snap and become violent. Seriously. She’s pretty far red pilled, has spoken bluntly about “spilling blood,” and has access to weapons- maybe in the capitol. I’m 99% doubtful it will happen, but she is pretty damn radicalized.
Why not both? He’s super pilled *and* wanted to spin it into a Q influencer career?
Not a chance. He believes everything he’s spouting. From what I understand, he was a shaman before he was a q guy.  

Q is a big tent conspiracy movement, meaning that it absorbs conspiracy theories. So people from JFK conspiracy theorists to government is covering up alien landings all get absorbed into the q world.  The biggest debate in the group is whether jfk jr. is still alive. 

People that have been covering the movement for for the last six months have known about him. He’s actually a polite person that is just extremely red pilled. His main topic before joining q was climate activism.
based and Jeff-pilled
4 more years of radicalization will have these people ready and itching to start putting their political enemies in camps and mass graves. That vice episode on Qanon claimed that somewhere around 10-15% of the population has been red pilled at this point.
The best part is that in the 90's estrogen pills were red and if you were taking transgender hormone therapy... I laugh so hard when they say red pilled
Based and Polar Bear pilled
How you get that out of my words I don't know.

I do know however that those who talk about getting "pilled" are either incels or racists, with a significant overlap between the two. Which one are you?
The moment someone talks about being pilled, you know they have absolutely no sense of reality.
I'm in my early 30's. I got red pilled in my early 20's. I actually voted for Obama the first time... People live and learn...at least they're supposed to.
In case you missed it this summer. Flynn and his family posted a video of themselves doing the "digital Soldier Oath" online on 4th of July. Does anyone know what is brother looks like? Maybe he's in this video? They're all pilled to the gills on Q anon shit

[https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/07/politics/michael-flynn-qanon-video/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/07/politics/michael-flynn-qanon-video/index.html)
There are Q supporters who are doubting things are progressing as intended. But I'm a bit of a doom-pilled person so I doubt its anything major to celebrate. They're probably gonna go straight back into the rabbit hole.
I mean...Ron literally threw in the towel and folks are still preaching QAnon lol (I’m laughing because I’m trying not to panic at the how many people are q-pilled)
I think that traditional media and social media really serve different functions when it comes to things like this. I definitely agree that having groups like that recruiting on Facebook spreads a much wider net than those things being relegated to chan boards or newsletters, but I don’t think critical media coverage is likely to radicalize people. It does help put pressure on companies like Facebook to take things seriously, and I don’t have any faith that Facebook or Twitter will do anything that loses them even a cent of ad money without either a court or public scrutiny forcing them to. 

As for some kind of government intervention, I don’t think most QAnon followers have ever done anything illegal related to those beliefs. My concern is that QAnon believers will get black pilled by Biden becoming president and be recruited by similarly conspiratorial groups focused on direct action, against whom the US law enforcement system has had mixed success.
The effects of closing the registry were ridiculous and should serve as a cautionary tale for any legislation with similar structure. Even the shittiest machine guns now cost like $7000 due to their artificial scarcity. The average person won’t ever intend to buy one as the market has done the dirty work. Can’t ban them? Just create scarcity and the price will rise out of most people’s reach.


Also Reagan closing the registry was a result of him passing the Firearm Owners Protection Act 1986, which in every other way was otherwise a boon for gun folk because it prevented states from criminalizing transport of otherwise prohibited guns and the establishment of centralized federal firearm registries for non-NFA guns

Reagan decided to bite the bullet even though the bill was poison pilled by a worthless cockroach with a terrible lack of understanding of constitutional rights who thought that proving weapons had sporting purposes was somehow relevant to the 2nd Amendment. The Hughes Amendment fraudulently passed a [voice](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=G7c8PiyPSlM) vote.
I bet he's \*really\* sorry he poison-pilled that $2000 stimulus.
Based and Baguette-Pilled
Here's hoping. Sorry to be so black pilled but I'm so over moderate Dems and their pandering to Republicans (who will literally never do the same thing and will ram through all their shitty policies when they have power).
As a younger millennial, I’m still black pilled. I voted for Biden, but I don’t think he’ll really change anything. 

It’s just swearing in people who will maintain the status quo while the world burns, black people get fucked by the police, and the poor think that Trump is their lord and saviour. 

Biden is all we could achieve. There will be no bright future, we can just keep fascism at bay so that we can enjoy our lives until it all falls apart.

I’ll try to enjoy it while it lasts.
they dont call it woke they call it red pilled
Based and CHAD pilled
He’s from a rich family in Beverly Hills and 42 years old. He’s just pretending to be a punk (and lately disenfranchised red pilled Incel)
NoFap isn’t alt right, though there def are a few people there that think of themselves as red pilled alpha males so that probably aligns with MAGA bros. That’s an outsider perspective because I personally think NoFap is kinda dumb, but it’s also def better than excessive masturbation. For me, the only time I’ve done it too much was at the start of quarantine, and I found it way more helpful to like take a break for a week or so and then limit to like three times a week or some shit. I will say after a couple weeks of not jacking off you want to fuck anything, like I basically came my pants the first time I saw a set of titties so do with that what you will
My point isn't about "cultural consensus" though.  

&gt;I said you’re black pilled because you’re insinuating that adoration for Dolly is being manufactured, what aren’t you getting?

No it's not.  My point is about the concentrated amount of amplification of that adoration.  For example, people love Elton John and Lady GaGa too, but you see maybe 1/20th the amount posts/comments about them.

If Dolly Parton is this universally adored (which I believe she is) then why were there not a million posts or comments about her before October.
Absolutely nothing will happen. He will serve out the rest of his term. He will never see a moment of jail time. The next four years will be filled with absolute mediocrity with no actual improvement for the regular American, all while dems talk a big game. Progressive will tweet really well all the while never getting anything passed or accomplished. Two years from now, Republicans will win back either the senate or the house (hell maybe even both) and the dems will have their excuse why nothing got done. 
But don't listen to me. I've been black pilled hard over here.
He’s just super, super, super right wing. I’m not sure he ever jumped on the Trump train. But he was a total shithead during Gamergate. And he’s been a vocal critic of everything resembling common sense gun laws. Dude got red pilled. He was a Ted Cruz guy on 2016.
What I think is so ironic is that they're so afraid of the radical liberals then say Biden is one. Like, lol, no. The really radical leftists are black pilled and not voting. The irony is that if you told that group "they're erecting gallows at the Capitol" they'd be like "oh wow are we finally eating the rich!?" "Haha, no... Pence is not a true Republican or something."
Literally every time they see him talk they don't get the message of his words. They just ignore it and act like he's sending them a subtextual message. Doesn't matter what he says to those that are actually a real danger. Maybe the ones that are followers, not instigators of the violence but will join in once it starts. But they'll just act like he's sending a message that only the chad-based and red-pilled can understand
So many fascists describe their quaint, nebulous "libertarian" beliefs before getting red-pilled into pure right wing hate. Not every libertarian makes this leap, but they do all start off as privileged rural and suburban whites who can *afford* to pretend like they don't need government. They first and foremost resent having to share one with minorities and urban liberals - even though we subsidize their roads, infrastructure, and first responders. They have had the luxury of never being forced to place a desperately needed income above their own health and well being. They think things like OSHA are oppressive because switching jobs is so easy when you have mouths to feed and your boss is making you clean out a coke oven with zero PPE.
Buncha pilled ass chumps that got caught up in a mob and played by white supremacist, sovereign citizen radicals.
Anyone who doesn’t think ACAB is either naive, ignorant, “red-pilled,” or all three
Literally Twitter and every other social media platform will let you go about arguing for Conservative ideals as long as you, y'know, avoid hate speech, spreading disinformation and inciting violence.

Course so many conservatives these days have been red pilled off a cliff so far that they no longer recognize reality, and get upset when they're told they're spreading lies.
He researches several hours a day and spits out conspiracy theories. I think your chair has been 'red pilled' there, folks.
This is a fascinating piece of investigative journalism: 

[From memes to Infowars - how 75 fascist activists were red-pilled](https://www.bellingcat.com/news/americas/2018/10/11/memes-infowars-75-fascist-activists-red-pilled/)

It's also written by Robert Evans of *Behind the Bastards* / *Worst Year Ever* / *It Could Happen Here* / etc etc etc, which is neat.
She was probably red pilled and taken down a long windy cabal hole full of all kinds of horrific things.  

The farther they wade out into this abyss, the more pride it hurts to admit they were duped and return.  

If they are truly decent and only misled, they will come back, but following Trumpianity teaches you to never admit you’re wrong, and never apologize

“It is easier to fool a man than to convince him he has been fooled” - mark twain
The rep from Colorado (former army ranger, dont remember his name) gave an interview on MSNBC where he said that congressional staffers were the ones who pilled furniture at the doors. So essentially a bunch of interns saved our democracy.
Milo was a Breitbart/Bannon figurehead. They found he connected with a young audience. Which is why he, who has no background in gaming, was dispatched to lead the charge on the Gamergate debacle. That was the alt-right test run. The main show started when they pilled granny on facebook.

Milo was the gay friend the Nazis had to prove they weren't homophobes...right until Milo said that sex with underage boys were ok. They turned on him quicker than they turned on that Trump supporter who got shot in the Capitol.

tl;dr: He is nobody. You didn't know of him before and you don't need to spare any thoughts on his broke Nazi ass now.
Based and Shor-pilled
From articles I’ve read i think FB is worse now. The FB groups full of memes and fake articles and friends sharing it create more of an uber right than Foxnews can do

Just anecdotally i know people who end up going down YouTube and twitch streamer rabbit holes till they are just red pilled beyond hope.
I wonder if he thought Antifa tricked him into doing it as he was dying.  Or maybe he was so red pilled he thought he was Antifa and killed himself
Your right.  And the most that happens is trial gets delayed till your pilled up and ready for trial.
It's crazier than that, just went through a thread where people are talking about how the whole insurrection was a setup to "black-pill" people.

"I'm right there with you. That's why I refer to January 6, 2021 as Black Wednesday now. Why?

Millions upon millions of Americans are now black-pilled because of the orchestrated chaos allowed to happen in our Capitol. Our politicians are fake. Our elections are fake. Our votes are fake. Our media is fake. Even our supposed 'coup' attempts are fake. Everything surrounding us is fake, fake, FAKE. I have no faith in our government to do ANYTHING right anymore. And to be honest...

I worry that the cold Civil War we've been locked in for years will escalate into physical bloodshed."
I'm pretty sure my dad is one of the fully red pilled. He doesn't really talk about it out loud but occasionally he'll say something to me in conversation that is just so pants-on-head crazy that I have to wonder if it's a Q thing. He's definitely been put in Facebook jail a few times.

His sister's the same, my other dad's sister is the same, my mom's sister's wife is the same.

The whole "Nashville bomber was a Democratic plant who was trying to destroy Georgia's Dominion voting machines which for some reason were moved to Nashville and stored in the basement of the building that was most heavily damaged, and also the bomb wasn't in the RV, it was in the building, the RV was parked there to minimize damage to buildings across the street from the bomb" thing made its rounds among my family and when I pointed out how *pants on head crazy and easily proven wrong* it was, they simply shrugged and said, "I dunno, but it's a really interesting and plausible explanation."
I don't think you realize how deep and how truly *insane* QAnon and some of the things they believe are. What I meant was, I wasn't sure if he just believed in the basic corruption type conspiracy or if he was fully red pilled in the adrenochrome/baby eating/satanic rituals/aliens/lizard people type conspiracy.
Fr everybody has to try and think they won the argument by calling somebody “sheep, brainwashed, gaslighting, strawman, echochamered, pilled” those words are just tossed around so much they have no meaning, most of the time they’re not even used correctly
Time to step up to the plate Republicans. I don’t recall domestic terrorism being among my protected rights. This is a monster of their creation. The abhorrent spinelessness that has been put on display this last week by the GOP should not be taken lightly. This is the culmination of years of running on personality instead of policy. They spent this whole election not telling us what they were going to actually do to improve our lives, but that the “socialist communist radical left” blah blah blah and then act surprised when a bunch of red pilled, radicalized morons throw the dumbest attempt to overthrow the VERY GOVERNMENT they claim to care so much for when they sing the National Anthem.
Those guys are all drunk and pilled out in that pic
based and grindhouse-pilled
Hoping those 2024 opportunities like Cruz and Hawley are poison pilled politically
Add it to the Trump mountain of Fail, just be careful of starting an avalanche from all the other fails pilled up.
It [actually is.](https://www.axios.com/twitter-removes-trump-tweets-f198f970-c9f8-469d-9b34-13429aa26320.html)

Only 3 of them, but wiped they were. Including his pilled "go home, we love you" video.
This was, of course, projection.  Mitch McConnell is the one who [poison pilled](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/12/mcconnell-kills-usd2-000-stimulus-checks-with-poison-pills.html) the bill.
Cringe and astroturf-pilled
Schumer should not be the head of democrats in the senate. Instead of backing Sanders he voted to tank the only possible leverage they had on even getting the poison pilled version of the bill to get voted on and then showed fake out rage that McConnell didn't play fair despite history.
There are tons of them but they are overshadowed by those who don't. Read the bills and you will see anything that is good and beneficial in the past 6-8 years has been watered down and poison pilled with nonsense
The poison pilled 2k is likely intentional. He knows that Pelosi wouldn't dare repeal it; but it puts her in the toughest spot: Vote against it, she looks like a monster for letting people starve through the winter. She approves it, she's a tyrant against free speech and pro-censorship. Him and the Senate already voted against the 2k stimulus without the pork and that one's as good as dead until the House can meet up again next time; but time is tight and they won't be able to meet up quick enough to help the citizens.

Mitch is a ghoulish turtle lich, but I gotta admit it, he didn't get where he is for as long as he is by being stupid.
McConnell's proposal for the senate is poison-pilled with the repeal of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act as well as establishing an "advisory committee" to legitimize Trump's claims of widespread election fraud.

&gt;Nailed it.

lmao
McConnell poison pilled it. Predictable.
Flynn won't - he is 110% QAnon red-pilled at this point. Just pants-on-head crazy.
That's fair, but I'm a bit Doom-Pilled on US Politics right now.  Especially regarding Social Issues revolving around this Pandemic response.  People are suffering...and dying.

Bernie's not a one-man-army.  Anyway, it's about WAY more than some single check amount.

"Lesser of two evils" and all that - but, we just elected a POTUS that will look to "reach across the aisle" before he openly supports Progressives.
They have several gaming boards. And they also added a /pol/ -politics board in 2012 which has been a haven for the alt-right and neo-nazis. She went from going to their /v/ board to the /pol/ board and got "red pilled" about the Jews and all that. The fact that a mainstream site has a neo-nazi board and is a playground for Russians to spam is a huge problem we're over looking. 4chan's pol board is the birthplace of the alt-right and their meme culture. 

That Pepe the frog stuff among the right? All because of /pol/ which in turn was stolen from the r9k board. There it was just "sad frog" because they felt lonely.
At this point to me online the word Patriot is bad. Anybody I see referring to themselves as a patriot I know they've been red pilled.
Yep, it would appear there is no bottom to which the GOP could sink that would take away votes, even 2020 proved that with Trump's 70 million votes.

They have poisoned pilled this relief bill and Trump can toss it out on sanctimonious grounds, forcing Biden to sign, then the GOP can pin their own legislation solely on Biden.
Love how both sides act like and point the finger at the other side cause its always someone else's fault...red and blue pilled losers
And of course, everyone at the time pilled on the leftists...

Edit: And there was "[umbrella man](https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/28/us/umbrella-man-associated-white-supremacist-group-george-floyd/index.html)"
They used to refer to things he would claim to be true as “Flynn facts”. This is a guy who also took the Qanon digital soldier oath... sad that we have super pilled generals
They used to refer to things he would claim to be true as “Flynn facts”. This is a guy who also took the Qanon digital soldier oath... sad that we have super pilled generals
Why do you think Amazon did "Prime day" like 2 months ago? I have boxes sacked up full of presents that have been sitting for so long that I have to look at my history to remember what I bought. We're not doing Xmas with all the frills but at least I stock pilled gifts.
It's called getting "Red Pilled".

Falling down a rabbit hole of self-reinforcing biases can lead people to dark places.
Thank Vishnu that I'm not "black pilled" enough to ask if this is sarcasm.
Yup.  There's another response to my comment that makes claims completely opposite of reality and my sourced rebuttle is being dog-pilled while theirs is being upvoted.

I do not understand how a group that can make fun of the GOP's baseless election fraud claims (rightfully so) can be so quick to believe unsubstantiated bullshit.  Confirmation bias is a hell of a drug.
I used to watch occasionally. But dude is full blown red pilled now.
Based and bare minimum amount of responsibility pilled.
Yay, Texas goes blue (except Musk is red pilled).
based and biden-pilled
If this was the case, they’d come across evidence and *then* make the case.

They also would not set up a hotline to deliver evidence, because they’d have it.

They also would be able to prove their claims in court, because they’d have it.

They wouldn’t hold these nonsense hearings with pilled-out midwestern divas, because they have it.
Ah yes.

I still find it hilarious how they go on and on about being "red pilled" yet hate people like the directors of the movie they adore.
If you've ever talked to someone pilled up, you'll recognize it instantly.
He technically did but McConnell poison pilled it by demanding provisions that give company's immunity for their employees catching COVID at work due to lax safety.

Which is why that large stimulus that included checks that Nancy is getting shit on for not originally accepting was a non-starter
Talking about  alot of uneducated pilled out or methed out idiots with bibles!
I asked old timer which is worse your son becoming gay or a meth addict he couldnt decide!( hes not a bible thumper) Thats how much stupidity there is in MERICA!!
Not to sound judgey, but damn she sounded pilled up!
I posed this same question to my cousin who considers himself "red pilled and enlightened" and he said, "Because the dirty sore loser dems are that bold thinking they can do whatever they want."

[Even the fact that this was pre-emptively debunked by a board appointed *Republican* observer over a week ago did nothing to sway him.](https://www.11alive.com/article/news/politics/elections/georgia-election-board-member-fact-checks-fraud-claims/85-cf4b4a43-d14e-4254-9539-0df7d407ce6e)

People joke, "Meth... not even once," but perhaps it should be amended to "Red pills... not even once."
Armed aggressive often drunk(should not be handling firearms in that condition legally)or pilled out Proud Boys and Maga Meal Team 6 is ok though?
Lol, Trump supporters are so fucking lost, I can't believe the naivete, they DON'T CARE about small government, they DON'T CARE about the second amendment (notice how black people getting guns makes the NRA gun shy).

They only care about ONE thing, hurting the liberals. Rural voters with a chip on their shoulder about urban elites, mentally ill conspiracy nuts with a chip on their shoulder about those sane calling them lunatics, and black pilled incels still bitter about losing WWII.

That is why they latched onto DJT, not because of policies lol, they just want to hurt the people they hate. There is no reasoning with that.

Any and all the people that could be reasoned with, already abandoned Trump in the 2020 vote. What is left is second civil war fetishists.
This dude is so red pilled it’s wild. 

I can’t believe he was a general
I read that as Pilled
It's hard to tell, but wether or not she's grifting cash from boomers, I think this lady is really "Pilled".
You know, I'll never truly understand it. Texas has a lot of different mindsets, but it's kinda similiar in some parts.

I knew a guy, went by Mr. Miller. Was on disability, had oxycotin, livin' in a trailer with seven dogs, a broken front door, and constantly was goin' to the hospital.

He'd swerve by in his truck all pilled up and try to drive his wife to and from work. She didn't say nothing because she thought it was the way of christ, but she was really unhappy.

They weren't on food stamps, but they sure as hell could've used them. Two sons and medical bills like crazy. Gave his youngest son pills, and HE was poppin' them too! Mr. Miller thought it was fine.

My family barely didn't qualify for foodstamps. I tried, but my mother made just enough to where we couldn't get them. That's how it is here. Even employees of the state are hurting, but no one's saying shit, and I'm beginning to think it's a matter of pride as well.

Talk about how another person's getting something they don't deserve, I don't understand how some people can think they know who deserves what and believe in systems that already underserve them. And somehow there's pride in accomplishing nothing but getting fucked up and putting other people's lives in danger without ever thinking twice about it.

Like a facemask means your rights are being taken kinda bullshit. Govenor here panders to that because these are the people that WORK for him, means he doesn't have to pay for shit, AND his numbers look good.

Gotta say, it's pretty fucked up.
All you have to do to get people to accept any immoral act is to hide it under a acceptably innocent sounding pseudonym. Don’t cal, it a debtors prison, call it indefinite contempt. Don’t call it slavery, call it a prison workforce. Don’t call it murder, say they were resisting arrest. Don’t call it panopticon, say it’s national security. Don’t call it nationalism, call it patriotism. Don't call it mass incarceration used as a weapon in a race war, call it the war on drugs. Don’t call it assasination, call it wetwork. Don’t say you’re a white supremacist, say you believe in white genocide. Don’t say you’re a fucking Nazi, say you’re alt-right. Dont say doublethink, say alternative facts. Don’t say you’re xenophobic say you’re anti-immigration. Don’t call it imperialistic genocide, call it Manifest Destiny. Don’t call it state-sponsored terrorism, call it COINTELPRO. Don’t call it systematic torture, call it enhanced interrogation techniques. Don‘t call it gassing innocent protestors, call it putting down anarchist riots to maintain law and order. Don’t call it a violent terrorist coup used to prompt a regime change, call it ’spreading democracy‘ or ‘fighting communism‘ or ‘promoting world peace‘ (that last ones almost funny. haha). Don’t call it a concentration camp, call it a relocation center, or an ICE detention center. Dont say you’re a misogynist, say you‘re ‘red pilled’ or ‘incel‘ or ‘men’s rights activist‘. Don’t call it ‘indefinite detention of your own citizens without a trial’ call it some boring sounding bullshit like “National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012”. Don’t call it flying, call it falling with style.

Its so fucking easy, the euphemism doesn’t even need to be subtle, even the sheerest veneer of acceptability will do, just enough for people to willingly turn a blind eye and pretend, just enough to claim plausible deniability if anybody’s asks while never lifting a finger to stop it. You don’t need to hide the truth, people don’t want to know the fucking truth, they want a lie they can claim to believe. They want to pretend they don’t know what’s going on, so that they will feel no guilt. As if by intentionally blinding themselves they could somehow wash the blood off their hands. They don’t want to know, and they don’t want to have to know, and they will resent you for pointing out the contradictions in their reality. They want to be able to profit from all the evil deeds, they want to be able to fulfill their darkest desires, and still consider themselves the good guys. Because those are Good Guy Words, and bad guys use Bad Guy Words, and the world is all nice and delineated I’m clear black and white where you never have to question your moral standing as you slaughter the villainous army of infidels and burn their children in their beds. After all you’re the good guys, it doesn’t matter how many bad guys you hurt.

God I hate this country, we’re all such hypocrites. Like maggots feasting on the carrion slaughtered By a beast of our own creation, growing fat as we pretend not to notice the carnage. Disgusting.
Baste and factual-pilled
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.salon.com/2020/11/20/rudy-giulianis-quixotic-frenzy-has-observers-wondering-if-he-may-need-trumps-protection/) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Erstwhile LifeLock spokesperson Rudy Giuliani on Thursday emceed a 90-minute Trump campaign press conference at Republican National Committee headquarters, where he and Sidney Powell, the red-pilled lead lawyer for Michael Flynn&amp;#039;s defense team, espoused outright lies and fringe conspiracy theories about President Donald Trump&amp;#039;s electoral loss under high-powered media lights.

&gt; CNN analyst Joe Lockhart suggested that Giuliani, who has over the last two years aligned himself with foreign agents and indicted felons, might need Trump&amp;#039;s protection.

&gt; Neither Giuliani nor the Trump campaign responded to Salon&amp;#039;s requests for comment.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/jyb7mo/rudy_giulianis_quixotic_frenzy_has_observers/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~540904 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **Giuliani**^#1 **Trump**^#2 **New**^#3 **campaign**^#4 **Rudy**^#5
The Green New Deal is the most poison-pilled environmental bill ever proposed.  If progressives care about the climate they wouldn't tack on the rest of their entire platform to the climate change bill, they'd prioritize.
Red pilled
Yup, part of Bannon’s recruitment involved targeting gamers and incels. Gamers were open to the anti-sjw sentiment and incels were vulnerable to being red-pilled because they already blame their problems on everyone else. Some of them will snap out of this fever dream but most of them will continue to project their insecurities onto their perceived enemies. 

In another timeline, Trump would have been a mildly successful comedian in Bill Burrs shadow. He’s charismatic and entertaining but also a huge piece of shit. He’s great for T.V., but terrible for politics. 

Fuck Trump and Fuck his enablers. Their realities are crashing in on them as the members who can still think for themselves are starting to wonder, “ are we the baddies”? The answer is clear. Yes, yes you are the baddies.
&gt; Nobody in our government is socialist -- even Bernie.

Bernie is a socialist. He is not a "Democratic Socialist." Don't take my word for it, take the word of the leader of the Swedish Social Democrats who [said Bernie would be a Communist in Sweden](https://www.yahoo.com/now/democratic-socialist-bernie-sanders-too-101300187.html). Bernie does not support capitalism. That's why he poison-pilled his own M4A bill with an insane attempt to ban private insurance. That's why so many of his supporters can be seen posting all over the internet that anyone who doesn't support Bernie is a "corporate Democrat." People are doing it to me right now in this thread! Hillary was right. Bernie is full of bologna.  
  
&gt;pro-Trump Democrat like Rose  
  
Max Rose voted to impeach Trump. I'm not sure how you can conclude that he's "pro-Trump" when he voted to put him on trial to be removed from office. Staten Island went 61 / 37 for Trump. Max Rose outperformed Biden. Few if any swing-district reps outperformed Biden. Max Rose outperformed average Democrats, he has nothing to answer for.  
  
&gt;It isn't crazy to suggest that maybe a social democrat would do better  
  
If voters elected a Republican in a district, then I do think it's a crazy strategy to run someone even more to the left.  
  
Democrats took over the House in 2018 by flipping red districts with moderates. Some of those moderates gave back their seats when Trump accelerated turnout both for and against himself. Those for him voted Republican, and many of those against him went split-ticket and voted Republican. Running a socialist would not have won those split-ticket voters.
And they're the exact kinda blokes who think that Fight Club (the club thsts in the film, not the film itself) is really cool and desirable and set up their own fight clubs and quote that fucking annoyingly repetitive joke about "haha the first rule of fight club is....etc". They don't seem to realise the whole point of that film was it's about these broken men, men in a horrible place mentally, feeling emasculated, etc. They're the victims of toxic masculinity. These men in real life never understand that term snd think it means it's a criticism of masculinity as a whole and that it's "weak women" complaining about it when the whole point is that *MEN* are the victims of toxic masculinity and it's why we have a male suicide epidemic
   
It's the same kinda men who call themselves "red pilled" and are all transphobic while not understanding that the film they take the "red pill" name from is a film all about being transgender. Like come on
  
These guys just really don't understand movies.
Actually just the opposite, the amount collect poor people spend is probably a very enormous figure. Moving this around has some weight. Then the next tier is those buying on internet and this is where it become even more fun because it is easy to pick one place over another. 

Even realizing that places ship elsewhere from the manufacturers warehouse allow a person to manipulate those locations. Let me say this, in my city the hurricane devastated many of  very poor neighborhoods. Stuff was pilled in front of houses all down the streets. FEMA came in with relief but made people sigh something saying they would never boycott Israel. 

Now I know this sounds wild, but it is true. This tells us something. The other countries boycotting Israel has gotten them so scared they are doing things like this example. So trust me, you have not thought about this as it deserves. 

I believe there are sites already like what I am suggesting we do here. They misspell the word boycott, to say "buycott", which implies it is two hits, one for taking business away, and the second is to target the same company by choosing their competitor which they most worry about. 

Take care, it makes sense. If countries use government to deal with obtaining foreign raw materials and military is used to enforce or intimidate it then image if all that power was done more responsibly by the consumer themselves cutting out the middle man. After all that is what business is, adding middle men. This removes a lot of problems we are having in this country, and it would also turn our system into a single party. Each person would be a democrat, and republican but done so with a future in mind, and sure there are a ton of other cause and effects.
I saw a lot of the fraud clips. Why aren't they talking about this on the news? I'm not American, but I try and follow your elections evenly. I don't  like either of them. But I feel your media is thrashing one side only. There's this guy on YouTube called black pilled and black pigeon speaks. They show based evidence of fraud where there are instances of fraud you can physically test yourself. Just curious
A lot of people in my Facebook feed have been talking about migrating to Parler. I wonder if the first conversation about "whether or not they've been red-pilled about the JQ" is going to drive them back.
Disgusting and tyranny-pilled. The electoral college is a safeguard against tyranny of the majority. Be prepared for that to swing back and bite you in the ass.
Yeap, turns out the Republicans were right the whole time. 

YoU'vE bEeN rEd PiLlEd
Based and malarkey pilled
Yeah he got so red pilled he regained his virginity.
And now Marjorie Taylor Green, a Q-pilled lunatic, is in the House.  Yay!
Holy shit, I need to watch Fox news more. What a train wreck. They have a guy on saying that Trump has red pilled the nation and enlighten the world about the fake news, big tech, china etc and has done the world a favor.
If Carlson on Fox a minute ago asked this dude what "red pilled" meant I would have gave him credit for something. These dopes need to start being genuine.
based and nice pilled
Yes, it's awful! Americans are so pilled up, it's one of the many things wrong with our citizens.
An watch carefully as the republican senate fails to act on covid stimulus and screws the economy. Then watch them blame the president and get all hand wringy how they want to help but can't (because they poison pilled their bills). And watch the markets just sail along up and up because its just rent seeking by the 1%
&gt;wronged by a liberal

Oof, that's my former childhood best friend right there. It hurts, especially since I always really respected him and his intellect.

Now he's a selfish, red-pilled racist, who only cares about 'mens rights' and 'bleeding the beast' after he got into an altercation and was accosted by some nasty "neolibfemnazis". 

A single issue voter, he believes Dems 'go too far' with 'social justice issues', and want to immasculate men and turn them into slaves.

Sad story, I miss my friend.
&gt; So my point is if the Supreme Court does somehow stop the votes than yes we should burn the country down.

What if it's a unanimous decision implying there's a legal ground for it?

&gt;If Trump wins fairly after all votes are counted, we need to accept it

Based and fairness pilled
Biden didn’t get the Cuban vote and didn’t get any other bloc he needed. Bernie pilled better with independents. 

Bernie would have won, we kept telling you. You messed about and now you’re finding out.
Based and tarheel pilled.
Congrats on being red pilled
Based and soon-to-be-banned-pilled
Democrats about to get Latino and Black-pilled so hard.

Who knew that the one-two combo of spouting the rhetoric of people that have destroyed countries in Latin America, and telling black people they're not black if they don't vote for you would back fire?
I used to be a fan of the Hodge twins back in 2012 they were funny and were never political. It was a shock to see them be so red pilled when Trump won.
The red and blue pills were stand-ins for hormone pills for transitioning. Bring that fact up to any red-pilled dude and they will have a meltdown.
Fox news, supporters of pilled QAnon supporters organizing in FB private groups and running campaign buses off the road, now clutch their pearls pretty hard
What, are we going to have an article about every dope who got pilled now?
If he loses in a landslide, he's going to scream voter fraud.

There's simply no answer his red-pilled base will accept if he loses.
the FBI is watching the red-pilled also lol
Based and chungus pilled
I’m black pilled I admit it. A Biden win, like a sugar high, won’t be long lasting. This “third wave” will fuck the economy and those toe-rags in the GOP will very successfully create and bed down the narrative that the Dems are responsible. Debt and deficit will matter and the Dems will be the devil. Consequently the Republicans will probably then shit it in in ‘24 and, hey presto, in no time will be the collapse of the American empire. Have fun folks
That the pro-life fella that morning-after pilled his mistress?
I responded a few levels up with several names of speakers where violence occurred. Sometimes against speakers, sometimes against hosts or attendees.

And none of the speakers being protested against are terrorists - not even Ann coulter or milo yiannopolus (I have no clue how to spell and don’t care to Google it). And neither are trump supporters.

When did my side (the left) become such a bunch of pussies and hypocrites?

I’ve watched countless friends and family become red pilled and cross over into trumpistan after seeing the left act crazier than trump - which was no easy feat.
I am angry because i am a black man in america. May be cliched but cliches are cliches because they are true.

Im tired of pointing at the people hurting me and mine OVER and OVER again and then a centrist fucking know it all comes in and goes "Well actually this one democrat voted to put this black kid back in jail so like, the entire democratic party is actually corrupt" While you fucking ignore the republican judge who golfs with the republican prosecutor who stacked the juror with white republicans who were all red pilled because they heard their friends girlfriends dog was maybe robbed by a dark skinned person one time.

No no, the enlightened centrists over here see that scenario and say both sides are fucked.

Lesser of two evils is how you move forward when you don't have a choice. But first i don't accept your premise of democrats are evil. There are evil ppl within the democratic party, and many well meaning democratic politicans may have selfish or nefarious agendas.

But as a whole, theyre platform isnt rooted in subjugation. BY DEFINITION, the conservative party seeks to conserve traditional values. And what people of color have been shouting from their fucking lungs since the first slave ship landed here is that many of your traditional values are inherently fucking racist.

Make America Great Again.....when was it great for me and mine?
Your submission `Q-Pilled: Conspiracy Theories, Trump, and Election Violence in the United States` was automatically removed because `icct.nl` is not on our [approved domains list](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist). r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source. Domains must:

* Be notable, as defined by our [**domain notability guidelines**](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist). Notable domains will consist of news organizations, research organizations, political advocacy groups, governmental agencies / bodies, and political parties. 
* Contain articles, videos or sound-clips relevant to current US politics
* Contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source. 
* Be accessible at least once **without** paying for a subscription or completing a survey. 

If you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved domains list, please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us. However please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form, we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account. If you submit a spam domain via the form, your account may be reported to the site administrators. To submit a domain for approval [use this form](https://goo.gl/forms/lRQikA1rI0bVbKCl1) and follow the instructions provided


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yep, they want to believe all women left of them look either like tattooed up, dyed hair, LBPTQ+ anarcho-punks or like the characters at the feminist bookshop in Portlandia while all the traditionally attractive women (based on popular media) are either Republicans / Trump supporters or are clueless / apolitical and can be "red pilled" by them, the "alpha male" real men.
Well, the mayor of Houston represents Houston. The federal relief acts shouldn't hinge on the actions of a single mayor, in a red state. That's kind of silly.

We do know what's happening with Covid. It's been a relatively easy disease to model.

So, last year, when we had like 20 patients, we started seeing explosive growth, of something like 2 new infections per sick person. Then it started getting warmer, and as predicted, we got a bit of an assist from the warmer, dryer weather. Kind of like a rain storm helping with a forest fire. 

Now, we have millions of live infections and the weather is getting colder and wetter. This is something that helps respiratory bugs spread. It's gasoline on the forest fire. We had all summer to get this under control, but we never did, even when God and weather was on our side. 

So we know what to expect. Rapid increases in infections, that will continue to overrun the capacities of hospitals around the country. See, you can't actually receive those new miracle cures, if there isn't any room for you in the hospital. We don't magically get more doctors, as more people get sick. In fact, we get fewer, because medical professionals get sick too.

The stimulus bill written by the Republicans specifically removed protections. They "poison pilled" their bill, so it would never pass. It's the same kind of stunt, as when McConnell voted against his own bill, to stop it from passing.

The Democrat bill was passed in May. McConnell refused to allow it onto the senate floor at all. Meaning, at any time, the senate could of negotiated changes to whatever things they didn't like. They could of added amendments, came to an agreement, and sent it back to the house for them to sign off. That's how legislation is SUPPOSED to work. Nearly 6 months without even allowing a bill to the floor is intentionally handicapping the process, and its something McConnell brags about. 

You can be a cynic all you want, but we have Jared Kushner specifically saying they were withholding aid to blue states to make them suffer. 

Let me know when you find a recording of Pelosi saying they were trying to kill people to help Trump lose the election, or to teach red states a lesson voting for him.
Based and originalist-pilled. Good luck ACB!
Most boomers are already red pilled at this point. 

They arent winning the middle ground as Trump has torched and pissed all over the middle ground. FB and co needs massive regulatory oversight when Biden gets in.
This is true, I lost a couple of friends when they got "red pilled" from youtube content.

It broke my heart to see what happened to one in particular. I think he is having a mental breakdown. He just sits in his room going deeper and deeper into the youtube rabbit hole. It is so crazy to me how people can be made to believe anything if their whole reason for existing hinges on that conspiracy being correct.
He's just a red pilled Abe Simpson at this point
&gt; They can use bills that have pilled up in front of McConnel right?

That's my hope.  House Democrats have passed a shit ton of good legislation in the past year and a half.  I really, *really* want to see HR1 and HR4 passed on day one, or day one after killing the filibuster.  
  
That's my sincere hope, that Congressional Democrats will have seen what happened in 2010, and choose to just push through as much good legislation as possible, as quickly as possible, before the pendulum inevitably swings back to Republicans.  Just shove bills through, and so overwhelm the coming Republican majority that they can't possibly overturn it all.  
  
Remember to call your Representatives and Senators and tell them exactly how you feel.  "Just shove through the legislation, we can clean up later if we need to."
They can use bills that have pilled up in front of McConnel right?

All the things he's refused to look at for the last year can suddenly be voted on by the Senate
and the misogyny - remember the college dudes in the Winnebago? *“Never let a women tell you what to do”* - kid was red pilled before anyone!
I wouldn't say there are many undecided youth voters. There are a ton of apolitical grill-pilled voters though
The irony of these misogynist asshats using the term "red pilled", when the red pill is actually a (rather on the nose) metaphor for estrogen... It's equal parts sad, hilarious and infuriating.
It’s all an elaborate plan by the genius left to actually have these fools taking blue pills all day while yelling loudly about how red pilled they are.
&gt;The Texas Republican [told](https://www.star-telegram.com/news/politics-government/article246503045.html) the Fort Worth Star-Telegram ***that his relationship with the president was “maybe like a lot of women who get married and think they’re going to change their spouse, and that doesn’t usually work out very well.”***  
&gt;  
&gt;“I think what we found is that we’re not going to change President Trump. He is who he is. You either love him or hate him, and there’s not much in between,” Cornyn said. “*What I tried to do is not get into public confrontations and fights with him because, as I’ve observed, those usually don’t end too well.”*

So, you admitted you got into bed with a horribly ineffective, *abusive* human being, knowing that you couldn't change him? Yet, you guys are somehow the red-pilled smart ones?  Sounds like the Republican party doesn't choose its partners well!

&amp;#x200B;

Again, that's no surprise.

&amp;#x200B;

However, John Cornyn, this isn't an isolated marriage. You and your party have now forced the rest of us to suffer through your marriage! We've been stuck to this for 4 years! There's no defense for that. That's just awful.
Based and red pilled
[This is what handsome looks like according to red-pilled Republicans](https://images.app.goo.gl/4ZyqVQz5kTUf6h7b9)
I did not see that on MSNBC but I know the passion these people feel. Facts don't help, logic doesn't help, and in many cases people once "red pilled" feel they need to 'save' their friends and family and just obsessively push videos, links to garbage outlets like Epoch times, Gateway pundit, and even Project Veritas.  

I think it's a little late for the social media platforms to finally realize this shit is dangerous, especially after how the Twitter Qanons shortly after they did their Allegiance Oath in June/July, they swarmed after Chrissy Teigen, then Wayfair and were starting to promote ANY one who has referenced pizza on twitter  

How and why these people go from normal to extreme so fast is amazing.  Especially those middle aged who used to be internet skeptics and warned "just because it's on the internet doesn't make it true" to "I saw it on youtube, it's definitely true and if you don't believe me then you're a Marxist liberal demon!!!"
Jokes on y’all I’m so black pilled that I actually respect the Taliban’s initial efforts and message
I swear to God this sub is so lib-pilled
I love Tim Pool, I've watched him since before he was red pilled, that's a real shit way to describe who he is.
I'd bet good money he's Q pilled. Those people have abandoned reason altogether.
This is where GOP will cite mountains of data saying Pence should have stepped in, because DT was pilled up.
Here's what one of the other guys in that militia thinks...Maybe your boy there got "red-pilled" by his buddies.

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ej11AmLWAAcqbxO?format=jpg&amp;name=small
Ya! That earpiece....it’s so small you can’t see it. But it is there! Also chemtrails....and birds aren’t real! If it’s on qanon it’s real! I have been red pilled! I know! 

This is what you sound like. Use your god damn brain.
I recently did an interview with Vox regarding Qanon. I was a centrist Democrat, didnt vote in 2016 because I hated Hillary, and got involved in Qanon in late 2017 when dealing with major depression and a medical disability. The friends who "red pilled" me were either ones who were spiritualist healer types who believe in essential oils or right wing racists. I left after 2018 because I can't stand racism and because I saw I was doing nothing to help myself or anyone else being a keyboard warrior. Since then I changed my life. One thing I'm sure of is qanon is a public health issue. I know from experience that people involved are suffering from something that this movement helps mask and avoid those issues. They feel powerless so here come Q to make them powerful. Facebook YouTube Google and the like profit on it. Shitty stuff there.
Red pilled losers
I agree that arguing against people who are already red-pilled is useless - unfriend them and scrub their lies from your social media.

What you can do though is inoculate your friends and family against propaganda **before** they get red-pilled.

E.g. spam links to the Netflix social experiment documentary, spam links about the danger of Q Anon, etc.
Clinton also pilled very well. Please vote.
You've all been Gold Pilled ----&gt; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcEc8zeNYxI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcEc8zeNYxI)  \*congratulations
You've all been Gold Pilled ----&gt; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcEc8zeNYxI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcEc8zeNYxI)  \*congratulations
You've all been Gold Pilled ----&gt; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcEc8zeNYxI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcEc8zeNYxI)  \*congratulations
And it's frustrating that there doesn't seem to be a stable antidote to fascism.  Once they've been red pilled they hardly ever go back.
It started ironically and then became real. It's a recruiting tactic among Neo-fascist white supremacists. 

&gt;[Another user asks FucknOathMate if he was “only doing it ironically at first,” and he replies: “Well sort of.” He says he knew Jewish people were “weird” and “ran everything,” but he wasn’t yet a Holocaust denier or a fascist. Again, we see someone sliding gradually into extremist beliefs. Ironic memes gave this individual a chance to get used to the temperature before diving in.](https://www.bellingcat.com/news/americas/2018/10/11/memes-infowars-75-fascist-activists-red-pilled/)
Biden: Nice older neighbor. He's slowed down a bit, occasionally makes slightly awkward and out of date references, and maybe a few of his stories don't quite go anywhere. But he's still a good guy and is going to be manning the grill at the the neighborhood Forth if July party for years to come.

Trump: Obese old man with a hoarder house in the neighborhood and a house barely still standing. Likes to tell racist slurs at the neighborhood black children and has a mount of pizza delivery boxes pilled up on his back porch. You don't go near old man Trump's house. I heard he likes to touch himself when the school bus drivers by.
Damn, to think in 2020 I'd ever see someone use the terms blue and red pilled  correctly in a meaningful post. Unbelievable. 
I almost forgot red pill meant something other than hating women and immigrants
Your submission `Why are all of you Jew pilled?` was automatically removed because `nicholasjfuentes.com` is not on our [approved domains list](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist). r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source. Domains must:

* Be notable, as defined by our [**domain notability guidelines**](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist). Notable domains will consist of news organizations, research organizations, political advocacy groups, governmental agencies / bodies, and political parties. 
* Contain articles, videos or sound-clips relevant to current US politics
* Contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source. 
* Be accessible at least once **without** paying for a subscription or completing a survey. 

If you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved domains list, please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us. However please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form, we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account. If you submit a spam domain via the form, your account may be reported to the site administrators. To submit a domain for approval [use this form](https://goo.gl/forms/lRQikA1rI0bVbKCl1) and follow the instructions provided


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They got red-pilled by neo-nazi propaganda.
Biden is gonna eat this guy alive like a zombie at a walking party when it comes to debates as long as he's pilled up.   Trump needs crowds.  Debates won't have any.  He won't know what to do without the applause pauses.
You have been ReD PiLLEd! 

Cum one then we cum all!
I dunno, man. My Republican sister is pretty red-pilled and even she thinks that they should wait for the winner of the election. I think the hypocrisy is so blatant here even some republicans cant deny it.
I may be black pilled and all but I am super confident that the Aca will die in the Supreme Court 5-3. 

These are dark times and I have no idea why anyone would think it’s a good political idea to fuck up the entire country’s healthcare system.
Based and Cringe-pilled
Its too bad a lot of people got red pilled and voter turn out for Trump will be at a record high.
Based and realist pilled
We are not on the verge of Civil War. Trump’s base is mostly old people and people that live in rural areas. They are not going to come to a city and start killing people in mass. No one’s 60 year old uncle is going to give up their job and be camping out on the hard ground like they are in Afghanistan on patrol. You also aren’t going to see a bunch of ANTIFA/BLM Protesters going into the suburbs or small town America to wage war and kill people. 

What we will likely see is an uptick in domestic terrorism/mass shootings by red pilled young White males while the conservative media and Trump somehow trying to defend it like they did with Kyle Rittenhouse or calling the shooter a “lone wolf” and distancing themselves from it. 

Violence is going to happen in this country after Election Day but it won’t be Civil War 2.0.
There’s a podcast I listen to called knowledge fight where’s it’s a couple of guys that sit around , drink novelty beverages, and listen to Alex Jones. The most recent episode has the Roger Stone bits.

If you wanna keep tabs on what the conspiracy right is up to that isn’t 100% QAnon pilled this podcast is a good listen.
Thats not what I'm saying at all. Occupy had tons of shit heads in it and overall it seemed aimless and unorganized. The difference I'm arguing is that occupy was started with a decent intent, where as the Tea Party was literally created and funded by the Kochs in an effort to use false populism and conservative ideology to push an anti progressive and corporate agenda. The "alt right" has always just been bigoted horse shit aimed at getting young people into "edgy conservatism". Being "red pilled" has always had misogyny near its core and quickly added racism into the mix.
In this week's QAnon Anonymous meet Scotty the Kid,  a QAnon influencer/rapper/actor/model who helped organize hundreds of Save The Children rallies across the country in the past few weeks. The wildest part is that he only got red-pilled three-months ago - before that he was a dime a dozen SoundCloud rapper/IG Model/influencer. Now he's QAnon Royalty.

[QAnon Anonymous episode 108](https://pca.st/episode/e2a557ba-cd8e-4c36-9f3c-0b4fa0812725)
This won't even matter to people on the right. People are too pilled these days. It'll be spun off into multiple conspiracy theories about it being a deep fake or some such shit. Any local news posting this on FB is filled with old Harley riding  boomers saying "DONT MATTER STILL VOTING RED".
Jesus,  you fucking capitalists really love shining the brass on the titanic. lmfao,  study history, from someone whose only comprehension of history is mulled down to right wing/white supremacist talking points.

Way to go,  you are smart enough to be red pilled by the dumbest fucking lies in history.
If given the choice between a looted target and a successful magabomber or mass shooter or other rightwing nut sucked into a red pilled bubble that convinced him minorities are out to white genocide him I’d rather content with the looted target. Property damage is a distant second to mass murder and so far mass murder has been firmly a rightwing thing politically speaking.
There was a debate somewhere else about conspiracies.

My take on the anti-vaxxers is that even though it's a ridiculous premise to anyone rational,  these oddly random issues are a testing ground to find the most gullible, the easily manipulated. Anti-vaxxers are annoying to the rational people around them and this isolates people in 2 camps. Then add a few conspiracies,  all involving science, the government, an invisible hand like 5G, coronavirus, people being microchipped and suddenly you have a perfect breeding ground for alternative political views.

The subjects are isolated and indoctrinated,  learning there are 2 camps: woke and sheeple, red pilled and blue pilled.

But it all starts with a self-selection. Just like Nigerian scammers who put typos in their pitch. They are looking for people not tipped off by typos.

But right now it's too late to reverse course. The split has happened already.
While I appreciate your disdain for the QAnon conspiracy, I think it's a bit more complicated than that. 

For starters there is no single, coherent conspiracy that they all believe, it's a hodgepodge of different conspiracies with anyone from the Clintons to space aliens at the heart of some pedophile sex ring. 

Believers tend to be conservative, and in a lot of ways I think they attach to the conspiracy in order to square the circle of why their lives are so terrible even though they keep voting Republican. They have to blame this amorphous and insidious "other" operating within the government to undermine American values, instead of facing the truth: we're all getting fucked by billionaires. 

Another big contributor is peoples ignorance and inability to differentiate between real or fake stories online. A lot of relatively normal people get "Q-pilled" after reading a misleading statistic that says [800,000 children go missing a year in the US](https://www.truthorfiction.com/do-800000-children-go-missing-each-year-in-the-united-states/). 

Most importantly we do not live in a time where wealthy people are held accountable for the terrible things they do. Jeffery Epstein could not have been as successful as was for so long without help from within our government, possibly several. And when you see how many powerful people he's connected to, the sweat heart deals he got the first time he was convicted, and his mysterious death, one begins to wonder.
Wait a minute, you mean that throwing my lot in with dark enlightenment western chauvinist red pilled radical Christian fundamentalist totalitarian theocratic white supremacists cannot turn me into an Arno Breker statue made flesh and blood?  But all those John McNaughton and Ben Garrison illustrations of Trump as a champion bodybuilder could not have been misrepresenting the truth! I must just need to order more Alex Jones fart powder.
That name helps them. Because the name doesn’t come off as combative, they have an easier time getting interviews with pilled people.
Based and red pilled
Thanks homie seems like we’re the only red pilled people in this thread
It means the Jews.  This is just protocols of the elder Zion.  Trust me Q pilled people know exactly what this means.
&gt;Since we both agree there's no illuminati grand poohbah pulling the strings then I'd just like to point out that if it seems like the whole wide world (of main stream media) is against you, you might be the one who is wrong. You might be the one being brainwashed by fringe elements, elements with zero incentive or accountability to journalistic integrity. 

That's totally possible.  So you look into it, issue by issue.  Then you find the hundreds of lies from the mainstream media and the left, the insane conspiracy theories and go "What the hell are these people doing?"  For example, the left has been bailing out violent rioters for three months now.  They've also been running cover for them in the press, calling the actual violent rioters "peaceful protesters" - except for this last week.  Don Lemon actually got on TV and said the rioting has to stop because it's showing up in the polls.  Oh no!  The polls!  Let's not forget all the sane people who've seen the rioting, reported on it, been harmed by it, or the people who plain old don't like violence.  Those people were all insulted, called stupid, told Antifa doesn't exist, that there are no riots, just peaceful protests.  Womp, that just red pilled a large portion of the USA.  I can give you ten other examples in the last year alone if you want.  Biden's own god damn staff was donating to funds to bail out rioters.  Christ almighty, that's fucking evil.

&gt;Are clickbait and misleading headlines a problem? Damn right. I hate that shit. Are there a crap tonne of questionable 'news' outlets on both sides that spread nothing but propaganda and garbage? Yep. I Also hate that shit. Are legitimate news sources like CNN, BBC, NPR, ABC, the Washington Post and NBC all somehow on the same page straight up lying to you about DJT? Come on, man...

You just listed CNN as a legitimate news source, as well as the BBC, ABC, NBC, and the Washington Post.  NPR I'll cut you some slack on, they're not as bad as the others.  But if you believe even 50% of what you see on those networks, you are misinformed.  I'd straight up recommend checking out Tim Pool on Youtube - he's mostly opinion, but his work is 10x better than any of there's.  Pick any video he's done in the last month, and watch it through.

Let's do down that list though, so you can see why someone might take issue with those mainstream media outlets:

CNN: [Fiery, but mostly peaceful](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/035/101/CNN_Mostly_Peaceful_Protests_Banner.jpg) or how most [people see it](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/888/725/4a4.jpg), and of course their [first attempt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2bM3wXpY-I) at the same thing.  [Where does it say protests are supposed to be polite and peaceful?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvgTq-pk710)  What about [this amazing journalism](https://thefederalist.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Screen-Shot-2020-05-21-at-12.04.21-PM-e1590080718442.png)?  I've got plenty more where that came from.

Washington Post: [Ah, the austere scholar](https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2019/10/28/16/20285732-0-image-a-30_1572279299432.jpg)...

NBC: Ah, let's not forget them [covering for Jeffrey Epstein](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lfwkTsJGYA).

ABC: [Woopsie](https://youtu.be/Pf8PvDMPgI8).  ABC News Airs "Syria" Footage That Appears To Be From A Kentucky Gun Range.  I could dig a little deeper on ABC, they're not as bad as some of the others.

I hope that's enough to convince you that people have valid reasons for distrusting the mainstream news.  It's not just click bait.  It's propaganda or often outright lies or fabrications - and they've been doing it for a long time, and it's come to head after 2016.  We didn't even get to MSNBC, or The Young Turks.  They lie about Trump.  They lie about whatever they need to, whether it's a blatant lie, opinion news cast as fact, or just propagandistic spin.  Y'all shouldn't assume Tucker Carlson has been breaking records while they try and cancel him every few months.  Not saying FOX is the last bastion of real true journalism, but for the love of god, pay fucking attention.
When people talk about being red pilled, this is how it happens. I have watched tons of videos on the incident and it is clear he acted in self defense, yet you are treated as crazy when you argue it. I have come away from this experience questioning everything. I have to pay much closer attention to future happenings like this.
Let me guess, the child tax credit doubling bill was poison pilled with legislation legalizing the murder of Muslims or something equally ludicrous.
I don’t think he’s drunk but he’s definitely pilled
Goes to show that intelligence doesn't inoculate people from being "red pilled" into the far right, especially when it aligns with their personal self-interest.
In a previous position I would occasionally encounter Tiffany's mother, Marla Maples, and once encountered Tiffany as well. They both ENTIRELY rely on whatever allowance Donald gives them. Marla is either half in the bag or pilled out of her head most of the time, and couldn't earn her own money if her life depended on it. And Tiffany is dumber than a bag of doorknobs and is a disliked and ridiculed hanger-on to a group of rich and privileged douche-children on the Upper East Side. If either of them bit the hand that fed them, they'd both be homeless and starving in under a week. 

Shame, though. They both know where a lot of figurative bodies are buried.
Your anglophobic pissings are pathetic. The evolution of homo sapiens into human sentients requires isolated primitive tribes to evolve into more complex social organizations. The nation-state is that mecanism, and every one is "rascist". And all modern humans had ancestors who traversed this Darwinian imperative. And to date, only white cultures have successfully sustained political regimes based upon individual civil liberties. Historically, the colored races have only invaded and destroyed modern nations. Just check the ruins of forgotten kingdoms. For example, AOC: this particular fascist descends from Spanish- "mexican" colonizers who conspired with Arab Jews and African Muslims to make commodities of human (and long before the rise of the mighty Aryan American Republic). Her people, way before 1619. Funny though, this ancient Mediterranean cabal of Catholic, Jew, and Muslim slavers (who have the Garden if Jehenna [Jerusalem, once a smoldering pit of child sacrifice to Baal-YHWY-Allah] as their Capital. AOC, "Obama", ADL, the loudest of the alarmists screaming "fascism" are crisis actors who read from a very old script. Unfortunately, the peasant, unwashed herd falls for this narrative throughout time and place. Black pilled quislings are always the menance to Liberty.
Is it just me or do all the conservatives who claim they are alpha and red-pilled are usually the most beta types ?
Also they think they are smarter than liberals and that liberals need to be “red pilled” about the lies they are being fed by the media. One of my friends from high school posts on Facebook all the time about how CNN is fake news, but then is also reposting stuff like The Daily Wire which has a pretty well documented history of being called out for their misleading or unverified articles. It’s such fascinating cognitive dissonance to recognize that media has a slant or bias, but then also accept that news that lines up with your worldview is 100% accurate.
Yes, it is. But let’s be honest he had a better chance of surving if he wasn’t massively over weight. Especially at his age. Not factoring his age and preexisting health issues is not being very genuine. It’s a bad faith argument. He also chose to be willfully obtuse and let politics dictate his health plan. If Bernie Sanders pilled a trump and said that COVID-19 was a hoax and all the nonsense trump did I would have ignored sanders.
"BIO: DeAnna Lorraine, aka "The Red-Pilled Relationship &amp; Dating Coach" is an internationally-acclaimed Dating, Relationship &amp; Life Coach"

What a joke.
You're the one who is insane enough to hate anything Trump does to the point of calling it poison-pilled
Doesn't take three cops pilled on top and a knee to the neck to restrain someone.
I don't care who the fuck it is, my memaw and Pawpaw are q pilled now and I gotta re educate them
When youre talking about trillions of dollars, the numbers are just made up. Theres no huge vault of money anywhere. You ready to get red pilled? Money doesn't exist, its just a promise from a computer.
4 bucks California gets red pilled
Coming from a pathetic red pilled incel.....
She's not going to be incredible. She will be more of the same. I will vote for the ticket, because I am not looking for fascism. There will be terror from the top but in a subtle way. Unless m4a, actual policies with teeth to address climate change, and actually tackling the swamp of corporate influence, then consider me the sour contrarian. Just a heads up, us gen z members aren't falling for the cheap, lazy id politics. We want tangibles and a new deal. We know the horrors that are coming and what's at stake. Sorry not sorry but this ticket won't fly. For fuck's sake, the weak octogenarian Pelosi continues to fumble. But hey, consider me a black pilled jaded individual.
What's funny is that I'm not conservative and I'm not a Republican. I just got red-pilled by some people and forgot my brain. I'm back on track now, 3 years strong.
They were 'red pilled'. Google "how to red pill someone" to see the techniques the far right use to radicalize normal folk into Islam hating bigots. It's quite heinous.
I you hate the Clintons enough to be turned off as a 'progressive' you have been red pilled enough by Fox, et. al., that you are helping elect Trump. Again.
Like how people compare this to DACA which is a limited work permit program which every major business interest supports and has broad support in both parties except for certain Fox News people also called Republican primary voters. Oh it also pays for itself.

Trump is redirecting FEMA funds at the start of Hurricane season. After his party poison pilled the relief bill with unheard of legal protections for business.
Sure you are.  Probably not even out of your 20s.  Prime alt-right edge-lord age.  
      
       
Probably "red-pilled" five or six years ago.  Probably very little involvement or care about politics until then.  At which point you went all in for Trump.  
     
    
More experience and you'd probably understand how incompetent he and his administration is.  
   
   
He's passed zero major legislation. He's lost just about every single court he's fought battle over his un-Constitutional EOs.  He can't stay on-message, and he can't talk unscripted for more than ten seconds without delivering an incomprehensible word-salad stream of nonsense.
    
   
He's completely botched the federal response to COVID-19 and killed 150,000 Americans and counting.
    
  
He's weakened America and strengthened Russia. He's alienated our allies, kissed up to dictators, and he's hollowed out our state department. 
    
     
He doesn't really do anything.  If there's not a crowd or a camera, he has no interest.  That's why he spends most of his weekdays fucking around tweeting and watching television, and most of his weekends golfing.
Sounds like some MAGA/QAnon propaganda to me. I guess HBO has been red pilled.
I’m floored. I cannot BELIEVE Cori pilled that off but damn I’m so happy.
Reddit is full of black pilled doomers, of course they want corona to be horrible instead of not living in fear and going outside.  Their lives are sad.
well you scroll through "r/politics" so you might be blue pilled beyond saving, but this clearly shows a drug addict who resisted arrest, that was saying he couldn't breath BEFORE he was put on the ground, who was clearly delirious from all the drugs he took and one who resisted arrest.

You think the communist takeover (destroying everything about our working police system and have the crime skyrocket while trying to replace it with something else) would've worked if we ALL knew he was a drug addict on the verge of dying?
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-emVtBDSSx8) is how it feels every time the GOP says the Dems are holding up a bill that they themselves either poison-pilled or refuse to move on.
What's even more crazy is how much of it pilled up after 2012. She was really well liked still until "HER EMAILS" became a rally cry of the right.
it probably started reasonably innocently with a series of dubiously-qualified 'doctors' guessing that it might help treat covid and maybe some anecdotal evidence backing that up. then that makes it onto Fox News and the president, probably mostly innocently tweeting it - give the guy a break, he's desperate for something to help him beat covid that doesn't involve agreeing that he was wrong all along and he should have just gone with whatever the scientists said. and then the real doctors mentioned that it may be worse than a placebo because it \_does\_ have negative side-effects and almost instantly the whole idea became red-pilled by the alt-right and now anyone who's cautious about using HCQ is now part of the left-wing conspiracy to suppress the truth and prevent the president from helping to cure covid.

&amp;#x200B;

the problem here is that the president can't possibly admit he was wrong and that the scientists (and god-forbid the democrats) were right all along and we should be doing whatever they said in the beginning. the irony is that if the democrats hadn't said anything at all, Trump may have eventually aligned his thinking with, you know, the people that know what the fuck they're talking about, but no, here we are with a president stuck between his ego and a froth-mouthed alt-right red-pill mafia screaming for the truth...
Based and Das Kapital-pilled
I was thinking about this the other day. Some dude tried to break out the classic BuT How ArE We GOIng To PAy FoR It? And he got dog pilled by dozens of people offering a variety of answers and he had nothing in the copy-pasta bin to fling back at us. It's a dead meme because more people have been forced to actually think critically about it. Especially in response to them spending on subsidies and handouts literally directly to the rich. They are running out of explanations and it's one of the many reasons why I think the party is gonna smash into a brick wall sooner rather than later.
And pandemic pilled?
Based and Chomsky-pilled.
Personally I don’t know if Trump would every be a dictator. He is laying down the framework for some shmuck who has been red-pilled and thinks Trump is a prophet to take that role tho.
All the red pilled have their hands out for federal charity....while decrying taxes and half the people living around them.
Congratulations, you've been red pilled. Or is it blue pilled? I can't remember. You got pilled is the point.
Looks like they poison pilled the stimulus plan, then said we should be sending  vulnerable exploitable people back to work for the sake of the economy instead of trying to do something to bring the R0 down below 1.  What is their motivation for not getting rid of the virus like all of europe was able to do? In the long run it would be better for the economy, but in the short term it could keep people from going to the polls, voting by mail where they installed a crony sabotaging the mail system already.
CCP-pilled
I don’t think he’ll be the first one. America’s first dictator will be one of the fellas who got red-pilled in the past four years who will take advantage of the groundwork Trump laid.
...nobody is losing their shit. isn't there a safe space where you and the other top minds can circle jerk each other about how red pilled you are?
Yikes. Stay black pilled, dude!
Well I have been ahead of this curve.  Unfortunately my dads half of the family was pilled by loose change.  And they still remain conspiracy theorists.
It started as people saying they have "woken up".  That you need to get "woke".  They had woken up to the real reality.  Basically Plato's Cave allegory.  People who disagreed with them politically used it in an ironic way to make fun of them. Same way people who make fun of people who claim to be "red pilled".  "Red pilled" and "woke" are basically two sides of the same coin.
It's not us! It's the leather-skinned wine-chugging pilled-out pieces of shit in Orange County.
The hypocritical bullshit has never been pilled so high.
Based and 1994 crime bill-pilled 😉

Only Joe can bring security and justice to our streets
“Atlas Shrugged” is the longest piece of printed diarrhea I’ve ever suffered through, and it made me realize that parsing stupid opinions isn’t worth the effort or time spent.

All opinions are not created equal. Some folks are just stupid or pilled.
Based and bussy pilled
Totally, I mean I disagree with 98% of what Trump says but he is really spot on about Bolton literally wanting to bomb everyone. Rollingstone said it best when they called him “a war criminal, a man best described as a black-pilled, death-worshipping ghoul drenched in the blood of Muslim children.”
I didn't suggest that. I point out that _rapists_ are people who look for excuses to justify their actions. It's a problem in anti-fem communities, but a rapist doesn't need to be red-pilled to commit rape anymore than they need to be pro-police to rape a councilwoman's neighbor.
Ben and Jerry’s is based and blue pilled?
It's these sorts of comments that are the reason I wander the internet. I don't know how Bolton will be remembered but he's unleashed a shit storm. I personally plan on Photoshoping a picture of Boltons book in a urinal, and that would be my review of the whole damnable book. Bolton could have easily saved us from COVID19 if he had spoken up in time. Even an half competent nincompoop like Pence could have handled it, because at the end of the day Pence's whole modus operandi is old fashioned evangelical republican. I don't doubt that he has drunk the KoolAid but the man just could not pull of Trumps style of government. There are tons of white suppremists for example that want pretty much nothing to do with evangelicals and plenty of evangelicals who want nothing to do with white suppremists. Without all the crazy separate groups that Trump has conned. Pence doesn't have the support to go full blown dictator. Trump doesn't either incidentally. The military for example upheld their oaths when it mattered.
That day Trump had those D.C. protesters gased and did the weird bible thing that was the rumor at least.

In retrospect it very well could have been the signal to his supporters, and he just completely overestimated the support of the military in a clearly unconstitutional move. He also probably overestimated the intelligence of his supporters that they all knew what law and order meant. Anyways I've always thought maybe law and disorder might be preferable on some level. There is a power to mathematical chaos and related things like cellular automata or my favorite L systems. It's amazing how organization can be achieved by following relatively simply rules. Yet the same rules if tweaked just slightly can make what appears to be pure chaos. I think that was what he was trying to unleash on America in both a metaphorical sense, and in the sense that he was counting on all those separate groups doing stuff at the same time.

I want to absolutely stress that this is my personal theory. It is based on some of my personal observations like both Trump and people like the boogaloo boys love to use their "secret" signs to each other. They actually seem to believe that people like me don't monitor their shit despite the fact that they on so many levels repulse me. They can't see how people not like them could keep an eye on them, because in their mind then we would have been red pilled. It was the same thing with the ok sign, and so many other things. If they just practiced some basic operational security none of this might have been public knowledge. Instead they talked about it to anyone who would listen.

I'm sorry I'm a little stoned so that was a rant. I just want to reiterate that all of this is my personal theory, and I only have what's publicly available as an evidence pool.
The republicans knew this situation was poison pilled.

By making this an unemployed only stimulus they knew that enough of those working would get resentful. Classic divide and conquer move. 

They’ve made this topic so divisive that it’ll be nearly impossible to extend the payments as currently structured. That leads the topic open to debate; and to our surprise the impenetrable wall of “how will the government pay for this” of austerity retort is made. The reality is the GOP knew this would happen and will use it to starve Americans to their political gain.
Another strawman. I never mentioned anything about elections or your stupid little lesser of two evils argument so that nothing can fundamentally change because you hold yourself in such esteem above the American people that you think none of those 'stupid people' would vote third party. Funny thing is, that's what every egotistical upper class liberal says.

You clearly aren't well versed in politics. The DNC is a political committee which heads the Democratic Party, not an actual party itself. The RNC is the Republican version. Judging by your syntax, you're either young as fuck or dumb as fuck. This "reform to a modern political system" sounds nice and all, but you do realize that under Obama, Dems held both the House and the Senate for two years? And passed jack shit? The political conditions created by Obama led to Trump. The Democrats and Republicans are two sides of the same coin, differing only in contrarian aesthetic to dupe voters like you who are morally inclined to either virtue signal (Democrats) or to think of yourself as red-pilled (Republicans).
Personally, I think anyone who uses the phrase "red pilled" unironically should be stranded in the middle of the desert.
What's funny is how she thinks she's "red pilled". Idiot.
yeah that is 100% true but the thing about these people is they think they know some “Red pill” secret that none of know, when in reality we are the ones actually red pilled... if that makes any sense
On behalf of all republicans, THANK YOU!  You just red pilled millions of Americans and gave Trump the election!  The natural conclusion to a liberal society is that they will eat themselves, who can out-woke the other.

Thanks again, this is like Christmas in June!
Which is nuts considering he doesn't drink. He's just pilled tf out all the time.
Based and Sherman-pilled
I was also balls deep in the pepe culture of the time, so that was a big contributing factor. The sickening veil of cynicism towards not only the politics of my country but also towards my fellow man that contributed greatly to my wold view being distorted. i was 'red pilled', as they say, lol.
&gt;Edit: I did a quick look at George Soros. Was that a dog whistle? I’m not sure, someone tell me I’m wrong.

Stop being such a blue pilled ignoramus

[One of the happiest times of his life](https://youtu.be/SGWizajL7tA)
Reading about to contemporary online cryptofascist movement is legitimately disturbing.

[From Memes to Infowars: How 75 Fascist Activists Were "Red-Pilled"](https://www.bellingcat.com/news/americas/2018/10/11/memes-infowars-75-fascist-activists-red-pilled/)
Based and panther-pilled
Thanks for chiming in, although I think the last thing we need is some red pilled incel opinions
I’m in that one group that got everyone Page 11’d. I watched Marines get “red-pilled” into Holocaust deniers. The thing is though, they are my friends and while I believe they need to be stood up to,  I don’t want their lives ruined. It is a weird dichotomy, but I don’t believe race based identity politics have any place in our society today. Unfortunately many young people seem to be embracing just that.
&gt;Don't waste your time most of these red pilled inbreds are so stupid Trump could shit on a plate right in front of them and if he told them to eat it because it was steak they would with a smile.

Thank you!  You see...  if I said that to him I could have got banned for breaking the civility rules here.  But you can say that to me about him and we are all good!   

So thank you very much!
Don't waste your time most of these red pilled inbreds are so stupid Trump could shit on a plate right in front of them and if he told them to eat it because it was steak they would with a smile.
👏👏👏
Happens to me all the time. Shows how deeply embedded the _"racism of low expectations"_ truly is in white people on the left--as much as they don't want to acknowledge that fact

II've lost count of the times I've been told in my posts, "You don't sound black". Unsurprising to me, it happens more from the "virtue-signalling" leftists than on the right. 

It seems to me, the concept of a black person being articulate and (moderately) well-educated is not a part of their world view. Instead, I get attacked. 

That being said, I'll just leave this here and wait for the (inevitable) virtue-signallers to make their refutations and "not me" objections. 🙄

I used to support Trump. I am now black-pilled (no pun intended), and am astonished people can't see what is in plain sight. The DNC boned Bernie because he stood a VERY good chance of _winning._ Instead, they are throwing the race to Trump. 

Make no mistake: the DNC would rather risk losing the presidency AND the House because they DIDN'T WANT BERNIE SANDERS. 

Biden is a near-death, career criminal, serial creeper who's _clearly going senile._ 

UNPOPULAR OPINION: Biden doesn't stand a chance in hell of winning. 

If people want to unseat Trump, a "write-in vote" campaign is the only answer.

Just my opinion...
Woah Red Pilled this entire sub, why didn’t we consider critical thinking?
Not to mention being red pilled is a battle cry for a bunch of pro rape in els.
Red pilled God emporer.

Right up front. I mean ok.
It's not worth it. Dude has been black pilled.
Well, that it what Fake News says. You and I know that news are privately owned corporations who are controlled by deep state to keep people in the dark and keep us as sheep. Take a look at his rallies, tons of red pilled folks. People are learning the truth about Mockingbird and now this Ob@amag@ate... People have to be stupid to vote for Blue knowing who is behind it. Like seriously have to have Stockholm syndrome to vote for tyranny.
So that we can become red-pilled?

What if I told you that the headlines won't make anything Trump look better, if we all are honest about it?
based and jimmy dore-pilled
Wow so basically your allowed to lay claims of illegal acts and be proven wrong and face no legal ramifications as long as your a democratic? And speaking of failure about covid-19 response wasn't it Andrew Cuomo saying if you don't hug a Chinese or go to Chinese food places are racist just before this pandamic? Cuomo crying about ventilation machine well he had 2 million stoked pilled. You guys are fucked lol.
I used to be extremely leftist (Yang then Bernie supporter) Then I got red pilled like a lot of others.What helped was watching full Trump briefings and the press coverage afterwards. I started to wonder why the press would hate him so much, even though they are mostly owned by the elite. Then I realised the left is the real party of the elite. Don't get me wrong, the republicans are full of frauds like Graham, McConnell, Rubio, etc. But the new wave of conservatives like Hawley and Cruz have been going after big tech for privacy violations and China for unfair traid practices. 

I would highly recommend listening to Hawley (R MO) in his google hearings on YouTube. Anyway, Trump is anti establishment like these new wave conservatives which is why many establishment on both sides hated him so much. The biggest realization for me was that there was essentially a uniparty system, and it is important to identify candidates outside that system because they are the ones moving us towards totalitarianism (bipartisan Patriot act, recent browsing history vote). 

Hope that makes sense. Thanks for the question
Tired of this guy already. Seriously, his stupid name for his child shouldn't be news, but he's rich and quirky, so it's news, and he tweets some generic pro-"red pill" nonsense and that's news, only it's not because he's been "red pilling" his "red pilled" "based" and Red Team audience for years with simulation theory and everything else to make people question their reality, only not the good kind of questioning, more like the "you are literally Neo in the literal Matrix because you watch these Youtube videos and are pro-Trump" kind of non-questioning pure insane drivel.
Donald Trump Jr. is a perfect example of how people get "red-pilled" and turn into internet trolls.  He and his family were registered democrats in NY until switching party affiliation.  

During the campaign because of his position and because laws don't matter anymore, he was able to dive in head first in the twitter troll campaign.  By all appearances he came out the other side a full blown professional troll.

Did you know his wife left him, in part [because of how he was turning more into a troll?](https://www.dailydot.com/debug/donald-trump-jr-twitter-divorce/)

Lots of users on reddit and elsewhere fell into that trap, I just think Trump Jr. is the highest profile example.
[From Memes to Infowars: How 75 Fascist Activists Were “Red-Pilled”](https://www.bellingcat.com/news/americas/2018/10/11/memes-infowars-75-fascist-activists-red-pilled/)
Question, is everyone that points out negative things about liberals automatically a right winger? You are so tribal.  

Clinton was clean??????????????? I think Jeffery Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell would say otherwise LMAO.  Bill and Hilary are about as clean as the hookers Bill would fuck in Arkansas, you can ask the State Police there they know this well.

" Well you guys remind me of this. The GOP always need their boogeyman to promote fear and conspiracy theories to keep their voters"    ?????

...Isnt Donald Trump the boogeyman for the DNC and all its blue-pilled serfs?
There’s a group of insecure guys who use this term to describe how they’ve awoken to their bullshit viewpoint which, not surprisingly, includes racism and misogyny. Only when you’ve been red pilled do you see the world the “right way” which means you can rally together and seek the praise of other losers just like you. 

What’s ironic is they don’t realize that red pill is just another name for “drinking the koolaid” but at least they’re all suffering together.
Mitt Romney has come a long way from 2012. Dude got Red pilled.
Based and righteous-pilled
Based and Don-pilled
She definitely should be heard. I would like to know who threatened her as well. The red-pilled love raising false flags, so I'd like to know for sure who did it.
Based and juche pilled
They just dont like that he helped expose the NSA under their fav president. Dont take the downvotes seriously, they got too blue pilled. Glenn's been one of the best in the business since the mid oughts and helped create a leftist outlet that would report what others wouldn't. Next thing You know these goons will be saying Lee Fang, Ken Klippenstein, and others are yellow journalists.
&gt;No one will blame the Dems for the bad economy.

Have you ever talked to a brainwashed (er "red-pilled") Trump supporter? They'll believe whatever their Cult leader tells them to believe.
