I think putting forth progressive policies and forcing republicans to repeal very popular policies would hurt them much more.  Of course they might pull bullshit like making all the bad stuff go into effect when democrats get in office.  The poison pill of the tax cuts that raise taxes in 2021.

And how would you prosecute these peoples?  The FBI can go after them but youre talking about these preventative measures that would just simply be repealed as soon as republicans are back in majority.
They should call it the white pill.
Let's all remember, Fox News said to the world that they shouldn't take Tucker Carlson seriously.

What does that say about all those "red pill" folks if they are basically praising abundant that his unemployer said not to take seriously?

What's next? Tucker will become the spokesman for the other types of "red pill" and all the "Incels" out there complaining the world is unfair?
It's always funny to me that bigots adopted the "red pill" from a movie by trans filmmakers.
I could probably find this out if I wanted to dig into the crazy, but what is this red pill thing? Is it from that scene in the Matrix?
He was the most successful president in the history of the United States if you are part of the top 1%, are an executive of a fortune 500 company, or support the country transitioning into an dictator led oligarchy where facts don’t matter and being able to piss on your neighbor for being poorer than you. If this is what defines how successful you are as a leader then sure.

He successfully had the worlds worst covid death rates in a 1st world country.
He successfully started the largest influx of illegal immigrants into the country in over 20 years as he shifted funds from ports of entry to the wall which does not work.
He successfully led the largest tax scam of over $1.7 trillion to the wealthiest people in the country with a built in poison pill to raise taxes on the middle class this year.
He successfully reduced the budget for public education.
He successfully golfed more than any other president in history during his reign. With 298 rounds of golf. Good for spending over 20% of his days at a golf course.
He successfully destroyed international trade for multiple industries and and has directly caused the largest amount of small businesses to close in recent history because of the inability to compete with large conglomerate corporations who don’t put taxes and move money overseas.
He successfully set the United States post office and other government entities back several years by hiring anti-labor leaders who are hell bent on letting shareholders take every penny of taxpayer money.

He was not controversial. He manipulated and rallied the least educated, poorest, and many of the most vulnerable people in our country into hate-filled nationalists who voted against their own interests. 

He lied, he cheated, he stole, and he still lost the 2020 election. He spent 4 years doing nothing but tearing people down and destroying the fundamentals of democratic government. Arguably setting the country back compared to other western countries considerably.
That's what I mean: People who think the guard falling asleep and the cameras failing is some sort of evidence of someone coming in and offing Epstein. I admit it seems really suspicious, but it could also just be a perfect storm of a coincidence. I come down on the latter explanation. Someone coming into the jail, even if completely sanctioned by the powers that be, is taking a huge risk of exposing themselves. My working theory is that Epstein, realizing that if it came out in the wash that a government—whatever government that is—was okay with one of its intelligence assets running a honey pot of teen girls, it could spark off WWIII. Accordingly, he committed suicide in the same way an agent or a special operations person captured behind enemy lines may take a cyanide pill to prevent intel from falling into enemy hands.

Of course, that's all just armchair speculation on my part. It will be interesting to see what comes of Maxwell.
And because you believed information from an actual red pill dweeb running an image board from the Philippines
Assuming Epstein was an intelligence asset (which there is some circumstantial evidence he may have been), I think the more parsimonious explanation is Epstein killed himself in the way someone takes a cyanide pill. While the guard falling asleep and all of the security cameras seemed to all fail the night of his death, I still think someone coming into the jail to kill him is still a bit less than believable.
Thanks for giving us sheeple the red pill, brother
What a lovely mess of a comment: even if America had a plan there would be hundreds of thousands dead compared to hundreds of thousands dead, so we have a nice false equivalence - that makes 500k dead seem like not a big deal.



A twenty year old conflict is terrible and look at all the consequences of such a terrible action: but 4 years of a lawless president are absolutely nothing, just another false pill equivalence to swallow.

  
Get out of here, absolutely ridiculous.
it did, but these cases are one in a million and there were less than a million people in the trial

still it probably is "safe". even at the rate of 1 in a million that's lower risk than many common medications, e.g. birth control pills. it's even possible that the clots are the result of taking both at once, which is an easy problem to solve if so, give women on the pill different vaccines.

either way it's certainly safer to get the vaccine than to take your chances with covid.
First, he didn't chose the scenario. He was asked about late term abortions.

Second, pro-lifers are against all abortions regardless of reason and plenty of the laws that republicans have tried to pass block all abortions. If you support some form of abortion, you are not pro-life you are pro-choice by definition. You believe a woman should be allowed to choose, at least in some scenarios to have an abortion. There's only 1 type of pro-lifer but there are varying levels of pro-choicers.

The majority of Americans support abortion of some form but again that comes down to the when they believe life begins. If someone believes life begins at conception they are most likely against all abortions, if they think it's heartbeat then they support abortions during the short window between conception and heartbeat (usually that's just supporting the morning after pill), if they believe it begins at viability they likely don't support 3rd trimester abortions, if they believe it is at birth then they likely have no reservations on any abortions. There's some nuance and wiggle room for people to bend their beliefs due to mitigating circumstances (health of the mother\fetus, rape, incest, etc.).

Late term abortion is something that pro-lifers love to talk about. Calling it "late term" makes a lot of people think about aborting a baby minutes before it's born. As evident by Trump in one of his state of the union speeches where he said dems want to allow late term abortions so babies could be aborted moments before birth. A&amp;W tried to have a 1/3 pound burger and people though it was smaller than McDonald's 1/4 burger... People are fucking stupid. 

I haven't seen clear data on the reasoning why people get abortions later on in pregnancies. There's too much conflicting information from both sides. I'd need to see real statistics to say whether he was right or wrong on it "almost all" being due to health of the mother, but I'd actually on gut say it's probably more likely health of the fetus than of the mother so I'd agree that he may have misrepresented that. However, I still agree with him that women should be trusted to make that decision with their doctors and not have some government official involved.
[AOC doesn't favor the usual process for admitting a state.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/latino/aoc-velzquez-puerto-rico-bill-sets-needed-path-decolonization-progress-rcna342) She's proposing a drawn-out process, a status convention, a process not likely to actually succeed. It's a poison pill, proposed because some don't like the results of the recent referendum. Representatives would be elected, hold a convention, they would decide if they should hold another referendum, and only then would the Federal government proceed with a binding referendum. It is inconsistent with how states are usually admitted, inconsistent with what is proposed for DC, [inconsistent with what Puerto Rico's nonvoting member of Congress wants.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/latino/what-s-behind-calls-puerto-rico-statehood-here-are-4-n1259300)
And the abortion pill
It's only used up to 10 weeks, for one, and allows for the privacy of the woman in question. She doesn't have to run the gauntlet of being harassed by activists on her way to the doctor to get it (or to get birth control, if that's what she's there for).

This pill avoids more invasive surgery, which can be riskier. 

This pill, by the way, is also used as treatment for women who have had a miscarriage to help them pass the fetus.

Also, I don't like the idea of 12 year olds being forced to risk their lives by giving birth to their uncle's rape baby– an actual case we had down here in Alabama. Preteen girls' lives are important, too. 

I'm not for abortion, by the way. I'd likely never have one myself. I'm for women having a choice. (That's why it's called pro-choice and not pro-abortion.) I don't feel like I or anyone else should feel entitled to the use of another person's organs. And I feel like something as serious and complex as the decision to end a pregnancy should come with consulting a doctor and family and maybe even a spiritual leader. I don't see how that decision is better made by involving a politician.

The idea of deciding that someone else should have a right to your body, or think that a politician should come between you and your doctor, is fucking weird, bro.
That ignores the context of the next line:  
  
&gt;quod si polluta non fuerit erit innoxia et faciet liberos  
  
Which translates to, "If she be *not* defiled, she shall not be hurt and **shall bear children**." So clearly the belly swell and "thigh rot" from the previous line refers to a miscarriage.  
  
And to your second point, if the priest making her drink the concoction leads to god terminating the pregnancy and not the priest, then who is to say Plan-B isn't a pill that calls god's judgement, or that the clinics not being smited is proof of god's endorsement.  
Who are you to claim to know god's mind better than what the bible says? That's blasphemy.
So you want this pill🤔? Why are you guys so for abortion? That’s fucking wierd bro
How are you going to tell them what they meant? It’s not like this is a set-in-stone grammatical rule, just take a chill pill.
So, it's like switching to a generic version of an outrage pill after spending years on a brand name one?
Right but plan B is only good for the first 48 hours. Having access to the abortion pill is important because you can use a contraceptive (pill, IUD, condoms... whatever) and still get pregnant. My boyfriend had a under 5 year vasectomy and I still got pregnant.
The abortion pill. Did you read my comment?
The title says “abortion pill” not “emergency contraceptive” so no PSA needed.  No one conflated the two but you.
I wish there was a pill for men. Truly. I'm all about that life!
Worth noting that the abortion pill only became available in Canada in 2017. It has existed since the 1980s.
Homeslice, if this was the fucking problem that Republicans say it is, you'd have trans athletes winning in every category of sports around the world. Take a chill pill and stop screaming into the void. Some of us want to enjoy the next episode of Falcon and the Winter Soldier. Or fix the income inequality. You know, real shit.
So he tried to pill a Kanye?
They did that here in South Carolina in an almost solidly black population. I was poll watching for the DNC and two white RNC members, one of which was a delegate, threatened and harassed me. I stayed 13.5 hours and walked ever female black pill worker to their cars afterwards. It’s was disgusting!
did Control-F on Gaetz on their front page NOT ONE RESULT. They found a unlabeled pill bottle near tiger Woods vehicle tho.
Boehner is basically the chain smoking pill popping parent that drinks too much who acts surprised when they find out their kids are getting in trouble with the law. This behavior has been cultivated within conservative groups for decades.
More likely he paid for an abortion or Plan B pill rather than letting these women having a kid. The optics would look terrible if a kid came out of this /s
I am a conservative libertarian. I am all about people seeking help when they need it. Most "non-profit" hospitals can't refuse to treat someone. While I understand mental health is a relatively new field of medicine, I also understand one may not be healthy after 1 visit which makes this argument null. Anyway. Red flag laws discourage people from seeking mental health as they fear their right to self protection would be given up by seeking help. Consequence free mental health treatment should be a thing. Get rid of red flag laws and allow people who need help to lower their defenses and seek help. I would love to talk mental health solutions instead of pointless gun legislation that can make millions of current law abiding citizens, felons over night. They see you as the enemy rather than a friend concerned for their health. Communication is a 4 step process and everyone on the internet is only good at the first step. I wish you all well. I would also like to see expanded social services as I feel as if single parent households are a problem in our society. I also support free birth control paid by taxes. Birth control is cheaper than a state sponsored child. I believe abortion is murder, the loss of humanity the last 40-50 years is unfathomable. I like to think a conservative catholic would like someone to use a condom or a birth control pill over having an abortion. Because I feel like abortion is bad doesn't mean I want to reduce the access, I want to reduce the occurrence. I want women to have access to safe abortions if it comes down to it, but would rather my tax dollars pay for a condom than an abortion. God I am drunk and tired and these comment limits are cancer and allow rambling.
I followed the breadcrumbs, did my own fact checking, took the red pill and am now confident that Hunter Biden is the other co conspirator.

We all owe Mr Gaetz an apology
“All right," said Susan. "I'm not stupid. You're saying humans need... fantasies to make life bearable."

REALLY? AS IF IT WAS SOME KIND OF PINK PILL? NO. HUMANS NEED FANTASY TO BE HUMAN. TO BE THE PLACE WHERE THE FALLING ANGEL MEETS THE RISING APE.

"Tooth fairies? Hogfathers? Little—"

YES. AS PRACTICE. YOU HAVE TO START OUT LEARNING TO BELIEVE THE LITTLE LIES.

"So we can believe the big ones?"

YES. JUSTICE. MERCY. DUTY. THAT SORT OF THING.

"They're not the same at all!"

YOU THINK SO? THEN TAKE THE UNIVERSE AND GRIND IT DOWN TO THE FINEST POWDER AND SIEVE IT THROUGH THE FINEST SIEVE AND THEN SHOW ME ONE ATOM OF JUSTICE, ONE MOLECULE OF MERCY. AND YET—Death waved a hand. AND YET YOU ACT AS IF THERE IS SOME IDEAL ORDER IN THE WORLD, AS IF THERE IS SOME...SOME RIGHTNESS IN THE UNIVERSE BY WHICH IT MAY BE JUDGED.

"Yes, but people have got to believe that, or what's the point—"

MY POINT EXACTLY.”
― Terry Pratchett, Hogfather
Pill pushing is a separate problem then this. I agree that these pharma corporations need to be held accountable for their actions, but they are not the cause of shootings thats definetly a reach.

Sure people who do shootings are probably more likely to take medications from big pharma but their insane brains are not caused because of these pills, they were put on these pills because they were insane.

Unless you just mean we have bigger fish to fry, which I tend to agree with, we have things like our Healthcare system for example that need huge overhauls.
Hahaha you think outing Manchin is going to put someone more progressive in WV? Its an R+18 stronghold. 

As bitter of a pill it is, Manchin really is the best we could get in WV, Justice Democrats ALREADY  tried primarying him in 2018 and got slapped down 70-30. Manchin holds WV by the slimmest margins possible and anyone to his left will lose making the state blue.
Well, that's part of the idea behind giving more power to the states, that it'll make other changes an easier pill to swallow. The only way you could object to it is if you don't actually want states' rights for blue states or if you just want the "right" to treat non-whites however you want, and we all know the South is far too enlightened these days to do something like that /s.
A couple of years before he was convicted of securities fraud, Martin Shkreli was the chief executive of a pharmaceutical company that acquired the rights to Daraprim, a lifesaving antiparasitic drug. Previously the drug cost $13.50 a pill, but in Shkreli’s hands, the price quickly increased by a factor of 56, to $750 a pill. At a health care conference, Shkreli told the audience that he should have raised the price even higher. “No one wants to say it, no one’s proud of it,” he explained. “But this is a capitalist society, a capitalist system and capitalist rules.”

This is a capitalist society. It’s a fatalistic mantra that seems to get repeated to anyone who questions why America can’t be more fair or equal. But around the world, there are many types of capitalist societies, ranging from liberating to exploitative, protective to abusive, democratic to unregulated. When Americans declare that “we live in a capitalist society”  what they’re often defending is our nation’s peculiarly brutal economy. “Low-road capitalism,” the University of Wisconsin-Madison sociologist Joel Rogers has called it. In a capitalist society that goes low, wages are depressed as businesses compete over the price, not the quality, of goods; so-called unskilled workers are typically incentivized through punishments, not promotions; inequality reigns and poverty spreads. In the United States, the richest 1 percent of Americans own 40 percent of the country’s wealth, while a larger share of working-age people (18-65) live in poverty than in any other nation belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (O.E.C.D.).

Or consider worker rights in different capitalist nations. In Iceland, 90 percent of wage and salaried workers belong to trade unions authorized to fight for living wages and fair working conditions. Thirty-four percent of Italian workers are unionized, as are 26 percent of Canadian workers. Only 10 percent of American wage and salaried workers carry union cards. The O.E.C.D. scores nations along a number of indicators, such as how countries regulate temporary work arrangements. Scores run from 5 (“very strict”) to 1 (“very loose”). Brazil scores 4.1 and Thailand, 3.7, signaling toothy regulations on temp work. Further down the list are Norway (3.4), India (2.5) and Japan (1.3). The United States scored 0.3, tied for second to last place with Malaysia. How easy is it to fire workers? Countries like Indonesia (4.1) and Portugal (3) have strong rules about severance pay and reasons for dismissal. Those rules relax somewhat in places like Denmark (2.1) and Mexico (1.9). They virtually disappear in the United States, ranked dead last out of 71 nations with a score of 0.5.
I’m sure there’s a pill for it somewhere.
I’m sure all his prescription meds aren’t drug abuse lol.

“I don’t drink or do drugs.”

Omitting prescribed drugs of course. It’s pretty obvious he’s a hardcore pill popper.
A couple of years before he was convicted of securities fraud, Martin Shkreli was the chief executive of a pharmaceutical company that acquired the rights to Daraprim, a lifesaving antiparasitic drug. Previously the drug cost $13.50 a pill, but in Shkreli’s hands, the price quickly increased by a factor of 56, to $750 a pill. At a health care conference, Shkreli told the audience that he should have raised the price even higher. “No one wants to say it, no one’s proud of it,” he explained. “But this is a capitalist society, a capitalist system and capitalist rules.”

This is a capitalist society. It’s a fatalistic mantra that seems to get repeated to anyone who questions why America can’t be more fair or equal. But around the world, there are many types of capitalist societies, ranging from liberating to exploitative, protective to abusive, democratic to unregulated. When Americans declare that “we live in a capitalist society”  what they’re often defending is our nation’s peculiarly brutal economy. “Low-road capitalism,” the University of Wisconsin-Madison sociologist Joel Rogers has called it. In a capitalist society that goes low, wages are depressed as businesses compete over the price, not the quality, of goods; so-called unskilled workers are typically incentivized through punishments, not promotions; inequality reigns and poverty spreads. In the United States, the richest 1 percent of Americans own 40 percent of the country’s wealth, while a larger share of working-age people (18-65) live in poverty than in any other nation belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (O.E.C.D.).

Or consider worker rights in different capitalist nations. In Iceland, 90 percent of wage and salaried workers belong to trade unions authorized to fight for living wages and fair working conditions. Thirty-four percent of Italian workers are unionized, as are 26 percent of Canadian workers. Only 10 percent of American wage and salaried workers carry union cards. The O.E.C.D. scores nations along a number of indicators, such as how countries regulate temporary work arrangements. Scores run from 5 (“very strict”) to 1 (“very loose”). Brazil scores 4.1 and Thailand, 3.7, signaling toothy regulations on temp work. Further down the list are Norway (3.4), India (2.5) and Japan (1.3). The United States scored 0.3, tied for second to last place with Malaysia. How easy is it to fire workers? Countries like Indonesia (4.1) and Portugal (3) have strong rules about severance pay and reasons for dismissal. Those rules relax somewhat in places like Denmark (2.1) and Mexico (1.9). They virtually disappear in the United States, ranked dead last out of 71 nations with a score of 0.5.
Or just cant find a job doing anything else since Trump was such a poison pill.
At the time there was no generics and they were like 300$ a pill. They were most likely stolen since he didn't have a script. Also, insurance paper trail for prescribed medications prior to HIPPA (Which he and every other Republican shitstain fought against for their corporate masters) was actually pretty easy to obtain. I think it was in force by like 2004, but old habits die like Rush. 

He also got a slap on the wrist for illegal opioid painkillers he had shopped from like 5 different doctors, so he definitely had a pill supplier. Fucker got to plead not guilty and bribe the state with a fine paid, no jail time. Fuck this fucking corrupt state.
Republicans will try to delay and 'negotiate' into legislation a poison pill to destroy it right out of the box, but they'll still vote against legislation they've mortally wounded.

Their whole philosophy now is to sabotage democracy so they can complain democracy doesn't work so we need fascism and they are just the fascists to head this new fascist government.
It is time for the left to pull their support from Manchin. He is not a good compromise candidate for a tough to win state, but a poison pill that will take down the rest of the party.

Now is the time to go campaign against his positions in West Virginia. It is time for every progressive Democrat in congress to go to West Virginia and explain how what he is doing is bad for the people of that state.

It is time to take the gloves off. 

Joe Manchin is blocking voting for Americans in a position that only supports white nationalists, he is blocking infrastructure needed all around the country that only protects rich white men, he is blocking reform of the courts that make our judiciary the equivalent of a kkk lynching jury. He is blocking healthcare for many. 

Joe Manchin is bad for West Virginia and he bad for America.
Yeah, maybe if the democrats push some kind of Act to make Healthcare Affordable (like an Affordable Care Act, you might call it) the Republicans would absolutely support a policy to benefit everyone!

There's no way they'd waste months handicapping the bill with poison pill amendments before refusing to vote for it anyway. That'd make it totally obvious to people like you that they're uninterested in what's good for the people.

Right?
I don’t disagree but as a 2A voter this is a bitter pill.
If you dig, this doctor has owned “Right Wing Limo”, “Right Wing Transportation” and “Right Wing Aviation”.  Seems to partner with another pain doctor and an attorney.  Seems like former pill mill guys turned cannabis docs, but seem to be connected around this transportation business.
There it is.

I knew I saw something about this bill a few weeks ago that included "the catch". It was definitely this. They attached good voting stuff to that poison pill.
Ya unfortunately being american I could see one us "jokingly" slipping psychodelics to an unassuming friend. The misinformation on drugs in the states is truly outstanding. I'm not sure how bad it is were you are at. I grew up being told smoking pot would make me impotent, make me short, make me stupid, force me into harder drugs, make me trip and kill people. Ya it was all over the place. First time I got high I had an anxiety attack because of fear of getting caught. I've had lots of friends come to me and ask me questions without fear of being laughed at or judged. They are curious but have been mislead so much about it. 

What is truly crazy is how doctors prescribe super powerful drugs to people that haven't had more than an aspirin. They give very little warning of what the drug is, what it will be like on it or the the possibility of withdrawals. My fiancee was given a powerful pain killer after giving birth. They just lamely told her not to mix with booze and sent her on her way. First pill she said was the "highest" she had ever felt. Immediately stopped taking them.
I’m just disgusted that the wealthy are still in a ridiculous position of control and influence, I’m disgusted that the military-industrial complex drives every aspect of foreign policy, I’m disgusted that immigrants are still in cages at the border

I know Biden was never supposed to represent radical change or improvement, but I also think it’s a fair take to be disgusted at these types of problems just being status quo regardless of who is president

The more that Americans accept these things as an inevitable pill to swallow, the more that our government will ignore the common man with impunity. It’s all so fucked and people will say “well at least he did these handful of token gestures” because Trump conditioned us to be grateful for the slightest improvements
I forget what he was on but it wasn't weed. Some kind of pill, which is wildly open to interpretation.
&gt; do you mind me asking why you think buying it as a kit would be any different than buying the parts separately besides the amount of boxes it comes in? 

Honestly, I don't. I think they should be handled exactly the same, i.e. regulated. When you buy an 80% lower, you're buying something to make a gun out of, and it should be regulated as if you bought the whole gun.

&gt; So it seems like banning the kit would do.... nothing besides make someone add more items to an online shopping cart before checkout. 

Study after study has shown that adding minor inconvenience to a process has a suppressing effect. Example, a few decades ago the UK banned large pill bottles, and mandated blister packs, for the type of OTC drugs most often used to commit suicide. As a result, suicide rate dropped. The minor inconvenience of having to pop out each pill made some people think twice and just say "nah".

It won't stop a dedicated person from buying/building a gun, but it would stop someone who is just looking for the least work possible to have an unregistered/unmarked gun.

&gt; Nothing would stop unless the sale of the other parts themselves that cannot be as easily manufactured are regulated.... things like standard OEM glock internals and uppers.... which is a whole other can of gun control worms. 

And I think we need to look at that aspect too. As it stands the US has a useless amalgamation of gun laws that often make no sense as standalone laws, much less as any sort of comprehensive gun control measures. The current situation is unsustainable and untenable, so doing nothing is not really an  option.
The real hard pill to swallow here is that a significant amount of people have to actively punish the ruling class. That means organizing for a general strike with real demands against the will of the Democratic party (remember how Obama broke up the potential NBA strike last year?) or making Democrats lose so badly and consistently to Republicans that a new party can take its place or the leadership is forced to shift its focus away from buoying the economy and covering for the ruling class. Both involve fighting democrats and destroying their base of power while under threat of republicans, which is a real risk, but on our current course climate change and the expansion of the national security state are already killing the world, so I think it's entirely reasonable.
Are they not already?  Are contraceptive measures not free? condoms, the pill, implants (vaginal / arm) etc etc?

Disclaimer: Am from the UK so not well versed how things are in the US
Not addressing your other points, but the morning after pill is NOT after conception. It stops ovulation-- no egg, nothing to fertilize. And it is NOT harmful to an existing pregnancy. Most morning after pills are a synthetic form of progesterone, which as the name suggests, is pro-gestation. As a matter of fact, low levels of progesterone are one of the things we know cause early miscarriage.
&gt;Evangelicals are as staunchly opposed to contraception as they are abortion.

This is pretty much false. Only the staunchest of Catholics are opposed to birth control, and there are a lot of Christian denominations out there that aren't Catholic. I grew up Methodist and have attended Baptist churches for about the last 30 years, and I don't recall ever hearing a sermon or even an unkind word against birth control. The only type to ever receive widespread criticism was the 'morning after' pill, since it was technically taken after conception.
&gt;  just goes to show that people don't actually care about the real issues that face Americans as long as their team is winning. 

I believe they honestly think they are doing a service to the nation. It just so happens that under a (classical)-liberal capitalist system good words, good rhetoric, and sound logic are virtually the only thing of any merit in the political sphere. The economics inherent to politics, the relationship between the state, markets, and individuals, is almost totally prohibited from substantive action. They can tweak at the margins, but there is no tool in their box which allows them to fundamentally alter the relationships between any of those three things I mentioned.

So where does that put the average partisan? Well, for one, it means that they have to either implicitly or explicitly accept the basic principles listed above. Consequently, it is very much their job to point out when anyone suggests using one of those tools which fall outside of the box. They point the thing out, they've done their job, they've done a service and a good thing.

&gt;People are right to be disillusioned with them.

Well right. Most people will only last a couple decades of trying to watch well-meaning and sincere liberals try and fix a broken particle accelerator with duct-tape, a hammer, and sticky tack. They either go insane trying to make sense of it and become conservatives, buy in completely and end up becoming reply-guys, take the black pill and become collapse doomers, or if they have a pedantry for reading thousand page books become a leftist of some variety. Also, libertarians and greens are just born that way.
Let's not blame this on his parents. This is his fault. He has an upper lip frenulum which is weird given he has an upside down mouth. He may have a few symptoms and signs of FAS but far more of pure unadulterated stim and ethanol/pill abuse. The amount of shit this dude did takes balls the size of daddy's money and a blood alcohol of .25/cocaine.
This is the bitter pill right here.
You're changing the subject because you're losing the argument? We weren't talking about abuse in personal relationships, we were talking about politics, but fine bud, I'll bite.

That's interesting, care to share the study? 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullying 

You are so full of shit.

Victims of bullying show several long term effects, but it's primarily a higher occurrence of depression and anxiety, and as a consequence, suicide.

On the other hand, those who bully tend to be much higher on the narcissism, machiavellianism, and psychopathy scales. These are known as the dark triad, and they do generally correlate to higher rates of abuse (as well as the behaviour we were discussing in the first place.) Apparently it's a tough pill for you to swallow, but bullying behavior implies several very negative personality traits. Sorry, I know everyone wants to believe they're the hero of their own story, but bullying others makes you a bad person.
Hmm, call me suspicious, but passing new voter laws that allows the general assembly to dismiss the election board in a state that was highly contested and the subject of countless lies by former president and traitor in chief Donald Trump, who in broad daylight attempted to pressure said officials to overturn the results of the election in his favor?

Yeah, no. You might have been able to say this bill was good for democracy if that shit hadn't gone down. This is simply the result of Republicans choosing to kill democracy by including a poison pill in their "voter rights" bill that ensures they can never lose again, rather than make policies that are actually appealing to people who aren't completely insane.
Insulin in a pill is pretty cool!
Tax cuts are free money and money is dirt cheap right now. When interest rates are low, companies can get huge loans without having to pay much on them. Most big corporations can easily get hundreds of millions or even billions in cheap money.

AT&amp;T spend 20 billion in investments. Tax cuts aren't going to make any real difference to their growth strategy. Tax cuts don't make companies build things. Demand does. 

If you want them to build infrastructure write up a contract and hold them to it. Tax cuts are just a conservative doing wishful thinking that tax cuts will just be a magic pill that fixes everything without requiring actual legislation.
Thanks for that detailed response… You’re right, I guess I just assumed it was “take a pill to change“, and didn’t understand fully how that change is effected.
I was thinking the documentary was a waste of time until around episode 4 when things just started escalating. At first it was like who cares about these weird red pill-like people and then you start to realize they're definitely Q, definitely insane, and hellla dangerous.

Episode 5 and episode 6 so far are nail biting
Oh dip, Pill Boy!
They aren’t, but if they ignore the parliamentarian and then the pill gets wrapped up in the courts for a long time and potentially struck down then it was all wasted effort. 

So they aren’t legally obligated to listen, but they will legally regret ignoring them.
Or people need to understand why pork and earmarks got things passed instead of just complaining about them...basically they are a tool to allow for trading and passing stuff. Instead without them if you don't like a bill or it's unpopular with your constituents then you will never vote for it, if you could have a little something to swallow that pill and go back to your voters with something right away that looks a lot better.
Insanity. 

If she takes an abortion pill, what are they going to sue her for? For not maintaining her uterine lining? 

And does that mean women can no sue babies for the physical and other damages and pain and suffering they caused her?
Yaaaas I love them for making dairy free for when I don’t wanna take a lactase pill lol
"Supplying water stations is fine but clearly this part of the law is unpopular and seemingly unnecessary."

You're so cute. My questions have no need of elaboration, and certainly not to someone who has zero interest in real answers. But I will entertain your little attempt at pedantic hand wringing. My questions were about things that were in the original bill, not about what was past. 

"Would appreciate a citation"

Yeah I bet you would. Everyone needs to give you citations don't they. Look at you, pretending you actually want to debate, it's adorable. 

Well here you go Jimbo.

https://www.atlantamagazine.com/news-culture-articles/heres-whats-going-on-with-voting-legislation-in-georgia-and-why-opponents-say-its-clear-voter-suppression/

"During the three weeks before Election Day, all counties in Georgia would be required to hold early voting from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on weekdays. The second Saturday before the election would also serve as a mandatory early voting day, lasting from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m."

Meaning that in places that voting until 7, it would be changed to 5. This would be an issue for urban voters who live traffic jams and rush-hour traffic. Trying getting to a polling place before five on a busy afternoon in Atlanta. Compare that to a polling place on the outskirts of say Warner Robbins. Again, the bill penalizes people for living in urban centers, and guess what color those people are and how they vote Jimbo? They ain't purple, and they don't vote for republicans, I can tell you that. 


"but clearly this part of the law is unpopular and seemingly unnecessary."

Oh is it? I'm so glad your here to tell us these things jimbo. US poor folk don't know how we'd get by without you highly egdumacted types to tells what's needed and what's not. 

Via the NYTIMES:

"it introduces a raft of new restrictions for voting and elections in the state, including limiting drop boxes, stripping the secretary of state of some of his authority, imposing new oversight of county election boards, restricting who can vote with provisional ballots, and making it a crime to offer food or water to voters waiting in lines."

Give me a valid reason for any of these restrictions. Was there rampant or large amounts of fraud in 2020 in Georgia? (The answer is no)
Was there any fraud that came as a result of Dropboxes? (again no)
Were there any cases of fraud that could justify any of these proposed changes? Go look, and report back. Perhaps you will find justification in your coat pockets. 


Going further:

"The law does not include some of the harshest restrictions that had been proposed, like a ban on Sunday voting that was seen as an attempt to curtail the role of Black churches in driving turnout."

I'm sorry are we supposed to be happy they didn't go harder on the racist nature of the law? Like they deserve a cookie for not being more bigoted and racist? Really? Again I ask, why on earth would anyone want to ban Sunday voting? It was in the bill and removed at the last moment, meaning it was obviously part of initial intent. That's like removing some of the poison from a pill and pretending that it wasn't there in the first place. 

You can attempt to polish the turd however you like Jimbo, but as shiny as it is, it's still a gross smelly turd. 


And yes it does still restrict early voting in run off elections, meaning that mailing a ballot a method preferred by democrats, and yes by many people of color who are also democrats would also be restricted. So again the law does restrict voting, and does so by targeting minorities and voters who use mail in and drop off ballots. 

https://www.denverpost.com/2021/04/02/explainer-georgia-gop-election-law/

"The shorter period means less time for early and mail voting. Early voting had lasted three weeks before runoffs. Now early voting would begin “as soon as possible” but no later than the second Monday before the election, possibly leaving as little as five weekdays and no weekend days of early voting. Voters would also have less time to apply for a mail ballot."

A little more? 

"No new voters could be registered in the period before a runoff because the registration deadline would be the day before the earlier election."

Ah yes, making it so no one could register for the run off, what voters preytell have the largest unregistered numbers? Again the answer is clear. Now why would republicans not want people to register to vote again? 

"...stick to facts"

As usual the facts have a liberal bias. The republicans are back to what they always do when they lose elections, try to stop people who disagree with them from voting, and that starts by suppressing them through laws that are intended to do just that.  

The facts are plain for everyone to see, this new law is part and parcel of the lies told by Donald Trump about election fraud, and is now being foisted upon voters to make it harder for democrats, and specifically African American and urban voters to have their voices heard. 

So any other citations, clarifications, or edgumactions you need, or do you still have some further nuggets for us all?
Hey mate, has anyone ever told you that you come across as a dick? You instantly attacked this person for no good reason, I don't know what has you so mad but you need a better outlet for it than trolling on the internet.

Take a chill pill man, life is way too short to be so angry all the time
How about nondeliberate failure?  I certainly didn't plan on an internal post-op infection a decade after the loop and band sterilization that caused one fallopian tube to go rogue and liberate itself from its cruel imprisonment. I think that operation indicated I was pretty serious about staying alive to go surgical instead of continuing with the pill.
&gt;If you fear the freedom of individuals over the powers of collectiveness, you may be missing the point. 

And if you think it's a zero-sum game, or that those two things are mutually exclusive, you've taken the pill the freedom peddlers are doling out.
4+ years of being completely wrong is a hard pill to swallow, I imagine.
Well when aspirin costs $30 a pill....
&gt;But when two human beings willingly have unprotected sex full well knowing how the reproductive system works is this not a personal choice?

What about rape, or the man deliberately poking holes in or removing the condom, or failure of the methods used (now I can joke about it, but apparently I was excessively fertile, 3 pregnancies 2 miscarriages and 1 abortion - pill failed, pill and condom failed and my freaking tubal banding snapped and I got pregnant. And yes I used the pill correctly every damned morning like clockwork and didn't use antibiotics.)
I'm against raising the minimum wage but for reasons regarding job access.

$15/hr young workers are gonna take it on the chin.  I'm thinking HS Students, or under 25 working there way through college.

I'm actually for lowering the min wage.  To say $5/hr, then indexing it to inflation at say 1/2 the rate of inflation.  Any adjustments up would require 2/3 of Congress. Then put in a poison pill making it reviewable every 30 years other wise it goes to a 'prevailing wage'

That way its no longer political.  Then what happens is Min Wage adjust automatically every 6 years. Its no longer a campaign issue. Basically, to get it to move you would need 2/3rds the country to agree.

We can't allow political actors to start dictating wages for purposes of re-election.  The temptation for abuse is too high.

And before you hammer me on costs of college and how it effects younger workers. There are other items I would do to address this via loan forgiveness programs based on willingness to relocate to certain parts of the country.
What’s “ask the red pill” about?  Seems like a nice group of mostly guys
Exactly. And paying off someone else's voluntary grad or med school loans, one time, with no ability to go to school yourself... that's a very bitter pill to ask people to swallow.
I can imagine the wedding vows now.  “I remember being at my high school’s homecoming dance and there was this forehead that gleamed over the entire dance floor. We started talking, and the next thing I remember was waking up in a motel 6 with 200 dollars and business card laying on top of it. He’s always been a bit of a generous romantic. Like the time we both caught chlamydia from the same toilet seat and his maid served us breakfast in bed and a plan B pill. Everyone says he’s against immigrants but I watched him buy her from the back of semi trailer. To me, he saved her life and mine.”
Take the black pill
are you ignoring that the "peace deals" that Israel pouts forth always have at least one poison pill in it to make sure it doesn't get agreed to. Because the Israeli do not want peace they want submission.
If you're a young person, just think about the conservatives your own age that you know. Most are sexually frustrated red pill types who are utterly socially repulsive. The more suave bunch are libertarian suits in finance or tech who, to everyone else, are unconsciously acting out an absurd parody of Reagan-era yuppyism. 

Conservatism as we know it is in a death-rattle period which makes it all the more dangerous and prone to reactionary ideology.
Yeah. I think what saves Matt Gaetz is how handsome and luscious he is, with his clean shaven jawline, his perfect hair gelled, and how kind his smile is. I’d love to take some time travel pill and become minor again just to tempt his heartstrings for some forbidden loving and become his fantasy come true. I can just *taste* his raw bacon-flavored lips suckling on mines as he enters me, his smooth hands stroking my teenage buttocks and reaching down in the front of my pants, feeling the coarse hairs that signal the coming of age. He grins, a flash of white glinting off with his devilish eyes focused on mines, *”Oh, some grass on the field, huh?”* and I giggle, interlocking my arms around his stout neck. I lean in to whisper in his ear, full of cerumen with wafts of old ladies toffee candies surrounding my nostrils, *”Let’s play ball.”*
And he blew out is pill numbers again. So either the polls are wrong, like he said or there is some funny business.
You know what I'm looking forward to about legalization? The inevitable weed pain pill that won't get you high but has the pain relief from the weed.
I've dried the delta 8, vaping it, i thought it worked though slightly less than normal mj, but the cbd depending on the day can send me straight to panic-ville.
but i've only vaped the cbd,

mj I've tried : regular smoking, vaping, having a whole bong with torch, then went and tried dabs, tried mj in pill form, i had a sublingual mj drops but not the same thing for cbd. maybe I should try it for night time.
The GOP is the poison pill.
Medical marijuana literally saved me from death due to chronic pain, I'd have been gone by now without it either through depression or pill addiction. Now that it's recreational I can't even afford it, probably going to lose my job and possibly worse. People are so ignorant, if you have a reason to use maeijuana you get a card, meanwhile **decriminalize** it so it's not landing people I jail. Now you have solved both problems without fucking anyone over.
Oh and I've been raped once and nearly violently raped. 

1. Guy dosed me (?) Targeted me because I was a virgin. Said no, many times. I couldn't fight, it was like my body... Was ... Limp. Flash or two of memories. Bruised and bleeding after. Brought to a Catholic hospital by a friend where they shamed me. Then to the campus doc who tested me and gave me a pill to start my period. 


2. I'd had too much to drink and didn't notice the guy following me on the beach at a distance. He got closer and tackled me to the ground. Bald, twice my age. Shorts. Button down Hawaiian shirt. I tried to scream, but he had a hand on my mouth and was using his full weight to pin me, trying to undo his shorts. I felt his ... Trying to ...

I got a hand free and threw sand in his eyes, his mouth. Got in mine too, but I was expecting it. Pushed and squirmed while he reacted and ran. Ran. He tried to catch me. I ran... I didn't look back. 

3. Also been stalked several times, been grabbed, pinched, catcalled, cornered. Had guys take off the condom, ignore my boundaries for what I am willing to do. 

And I am one person. When I sit with other girls and recount, there's usually a chorus of "oh, yeah, I've had that happen too."


Trans women as well.
I have an almost 8 year old and a 6 year old... Death is a very foreign concept to them. They know that you get old and die eventually. They have not grasped that it can happen much sooner. They have never (thank God) seen death in a personal way. Many of these children I'm sure were the same. It changes you. Grief is a hard pill to swallow as an adult. As a child... I cannot imagine.
A Blue democrat pill may do that
Generally I do follow the evidence; but given his connections both Trump and Barr in particular it’s a hard pill to swallow that he in fact killed himself. 

Hopefully with the house cleaning that had gone on at the DOJ we can finally get an investigation that doesn’t reek.
I know Trump doesn't drink but I thought his pill usage (at least) was pretty well established. He was supposedly pretty well put of it constantly on the Apprentice set.
So it’s definitely a problem that bills are so gigantic and their scope is so broad it’s almost arbitrary what it’s titled. 

But we need to be more nuanced about how there are different reasons to employ this common tactic. Not defending it as a tactic at all, it sucks, just trying to analyze it fairly.

In some cases it’s a poison pill, in some cases it’s pure corrupt pork. Every bill is a deal exchanging political capital, and sometimes those deals are pretty complex and take a lot of concessions and compromises to reach an overall balanced proposal (even if that balance is just among the spectrum from Bernie to Manchin). But this time, I think the sprawling bill tactic is because you really only get one or two shots for a major piece of legislation. ACA, TCJA. You don’t get many chances so you have to make it as big as possible.

It sucks, but the motivations and merits of the bills content vary dramatically even when this same tactic is used.
I’d like Biden to send federal election officials to Atlanta to distribute water to people waiting in line to vote next election.  Let the Georgia governor suck on that poison pill.
Heh like trying to pill a dog.  This is for your own good!
Or mindless drones who ignorantly buy into all this trash thinking they swallowed the red pill and are finally bringing justice to the world.
AZ resident here.  So far nothing all that notable has passed, just a few bills that require cross-checking voter rolls against people moving and deaths.  Two others seem likely to pass, one of which would remove people from the list that automatically gets sent mail ballots if they miss 4 elections in a row (including primaries, so 2 election cycles--AZ has open primaries, you don't have to be registered with a party to vote in the primary), the other would require voter ID (just writing your drivers license number on a separate affidavit) with mail voting.

But there are other more serious ones floating about that have passed one house but not the other (mainly one that would not allow counties to mail ballots out until 19 days before the election, and declare the ballots void if not postmarked at least 5 days before the election).  The most serious one died in committee that would explicitly allow the State Legislature to overturn the results and appoint their own electors.

My worry is that this sham audit is a pretext for reviving some of those bills.

And in all of these elections bills, the most serious provisions are always going to be anything that strips power from civil servants or actual elections administrators (i.e. Sec of State, County Boards, etc) and vests it with the Legislature.  That is by far the worst provision in the Georgia bill and is obviously a 'poison pill' that will make it way easier for them to steal the next election in GA.  If any of those kind of bills start advancing in AZ, that's when we really need to start worrying here.  Like I said, I think this 'audit' is a pretext for reviving some of those bills.

For anyone in AZ, the 'sanest' Republican legislator appears to be Sen. Paul Boyer, who sometimes (but not always) votes against the worst of these bills.   The R's only have a one vote majority in the state senate so he can effectively sink anything if all the D's stay united.  So if it comes to that, he is the person to try to persuade.
*Cries in Wisconsin*

Where the liberal governor proposed legalization in his budget, and the republican senate called it a 'poison pill' and shot it down.
The little red pill
Do we need an approval pill every day?
These connections are so easily drawn and make so much sense, unlike the Q theories and the deep state that have loop-de-loops, and chutes and ladders, and dark shadowy figures occupying supersonic middle earth trains. 

What you laid out are plausible connections, a mere two points of contact away from one another. But people want thrill I guess (along with a thousand other things, including fear of progressives), so they go back to the the old "red pill."
Lol...Sure...Lots of you can't even get vaccine for the malaria, or clean water and millions die every year until Bill Gates and the West came to help and feed you.

I can't wait to see that good medical treatment consisting of an aspirin pill. Hahaha
I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and treat this as sheer ignorance rather than the transphobic misogynistic rubbish it comes off as. There is no reason why transitioning would hinder deployment. Hormone treatment is self-administered and can be anything to a shot once a week to a pill or a cream every night, similar to any other medication. Yes, top and bottom surgery require recovery time, as would LITERALLY ANY surgical procedure. But here's the real kicker: a trans person's life isn't in danger if they don't have access to their medication or can't get surgery right away, the exception of course being extreme dysphoria. It's not a big deal if they miss a dosage because they're in combat and didn't have the time. Unless you're saying that anybody who might possibly have surgery during the time they are in the military- which could be anyone- can't enlist and anyone who has to take a medication can't enlist, there is no reason why a trans person would be a problem.
He does look like he would sell you a used car at church and then slip a pill to your sister
Raising corporate tax to 28% seems like Biden inserted a poison pill into his own legislation. Strange move. Maybe the dems only want to *appear* to be doing something on this file. Let's wait and see how this plays out.
My dad often comments how lucky he was to get his cancer after he had Medicare. He’s cancer free and Medicare pays for his monthly pill that costs about $15,000 per month.
Thanks. I might get downvoted for this, but as a paralyzed person, it really means a lot. And to be clear, I'm not calling for civility politics here. I'm also a person of color who has worked in counter-extremism activism. So the list of things that I think it's acceptable to call Crawford is quite long. But it's a bitter pill how people get so excited when a terrible person is disabled, because that means they can mock disability without feeling bad. It basically suggests that a ton of people secretly want to mock disabled people, and it's only politeness that's holding them back. Anyways, just commenting cause I know it sucks when all your replies are people dunking on you, and I wanted you to know that your sticking to your guns on an unpopular opinion genuinely made a difference for one person.
Likewise. Also potentially delivering a poison pill for the case in order to make it un- prosecutable.

Have some questions about who did the leaking to the NYT. Not saying that it was Gaetz or his father, but also don’t know that it was some “enemy” of his either. 

Not really worth speculating about until the waters are less muddied, but yeah, I have questions.
Trumpiagra may have made more big pricks than any pill out there ...
Trumpagra created more big pricks than any pill out there
You're asking me to disprove propaganda of a party that you're deeply indoctrinated under; I linked you to a resource by the Green party, and you linked me back to the propaganda. You want me to further give you resources?

Here' another article talking about...

 

&gt;**The new H.R. 1 threshold would replace the existing 1:1 match program with a 6:1 match, but would simultaneously** [**increase the minimum amount of donations by 500%**](https://www.counterpunch.org/2021/02/25/hr-1s-campaign-finance-program-a-reform-that-doesnt-reform/) **to a minimum of $25,000 in each of 20 states. It would also increase the minimum number of contributions to reach it by 625%, by subtlety lowering the size of donations that can count toward reaching the threshold from $250 to $200. This would make it even harder on minor party candidates — who are mostly excluded from candidate forums and media coverage and have a far smaller base of well-funded donors to draw from — by disqualifying 20% of the $250 donations they are able to raise.**  
&gt;  
&gt;**The real-world effect of eliminating the existing 1:1 threshold would be to eliminate a matching funds threshold that is demonstrably reachable by minor party candidates and replace it with a category reachable likely only by top-tier major party candidates. This sleight-of-hand will lead people to think Democrats are for increased public funding, but apparently only for themselves.**  
&gt;  
&gt;**Without presidential primary public matching funds, minor party presidential nominees will have fewer resources to promote their messages. They and their parties will also have a harder time getting on the ballot.**  
&gt;  
&gt;**Because of onerous ballot access laws, minor party presidential candidates already often have to qualify themselves and their parties via expensive petition drives, on an election-by-election, state-by-state basis — and these petition drives are often supported by matching funds.**  
&gt;  
&gt;**Without matching funds, minor parties and their presidential candidates are unlikely to appear on the general election ballot in many states. Without state party ballot status, neither may many minor party, down-ticket state and congressional candidates. Also in many states, to maintain ballot status, minor party presidential candidates must receive a certain percentage of the general election vote. But they can’t if they aren’t on the ballot.**  
&gt;  
&gt;**As a result, minor parties will begin to disappear under H.R. 1, reducing voter choice and representation. That itself is a de facto form of voter suppression within H.R. 1, by removing a positive incentive for many voters to vote. Apparently, voter suppression is bad if it affects Democratic voters, but not Green voters.**

[**https://www.marylandmatters.org/2021/03/09/opinion-sarbanes-h-r-1-has-poison-pill-to-kill-minor-party-competition/**](https://www.marylandmatters.org/2021/03/09/opinion-sarbanes-h-r-1-has-poison-pill-to-kill-minor-party-competition/)

It's incredibly naïve to think either party is going to blatantly label that they are doing this in a bill, so if you are taking the language of the bill at blind faith then how am I supposed to disprove that to you? As I said, these 2 parties are a cult and people who are in cults will often attack anyone who challenges the actions of their abusers; they don't know they are in a cult.

Do you really think only people in other countries are susceptible to state propaganda, that you could not be? You do not need to get angry at me for pointing this out, I am not trying to insult you.
once saw some talk show, where white guys generally thought there was no difference to being black and their life would be just the same.  However when offered the idea of a magic pill that would change them to appear black, but change nothing else, the consensus was it would take min $20,000 to take it.
Sadly, this subject always ends up being a clusterfuck. On one side, we have transphobic bigots, who pretend to care about women's sports just long enough to have an excuse to bash trans people.  Their objections are primarily cultural, and not in fact based in caring about athletic fairness.  If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.      
      
On the other hand, there are a LOT of very well meaning but naive people who are very ignorant about the impact of the athletic traits of being male or female, and how massive an advantage male athletes have over female athletes post puberty.     
     
And then reasonable voices who are pro trans right and acceptance, but also trying to keep athletic fairness in mind in a difficult and nuanced subject, just get steamrolled by nonsense.      
       
Just to be clear, I'm speaking as a generally liberal, generally pro trans person.  Who actually cares about women's sports.  And while I don't claim to be a super expert, I've coached male and female athletes on reasonably high levels, both high school and college.  I've also had the rare experiences of being a male athlete and competing in reasonably serious scrimmages with female college athletes.       
    
So here is my nuanced take:        
___________         
        
The first things that's important to realize is that we segregate athletics based on sex, not based on gender.  This isn't a bachelor party, or girls night out.  It isn't separated based on social gender roles.  If male athletes and female athletes were athletically equal, we wouldn't even have separate sports, it would all just be co-ed.  So even saying "girls sports" or "womens sports" is arguably an inaccurate term, left over from days when nobody commonly drew a distinction between sex and gender.  It's really more accurate to call them female sports.  So your gender identity isn't really directly relevant.  Saying "transgirls are girls, end of discussion," misses the entire point of why we separate sports.         
      
Now, that being said, I really sympathize with people in this situation. It’s easy to logically say “well we only segregate sports for reasons of sex, not gender, so telling a pre transition trans woman they have to keep participating with the males is not a rejection of their gender identity.” And I do believe that is logically 100% true.  You can acknowledge them as a girl / women, but still athletically sort them as a male athlete.      
     
But at the same time, I understand how to a pre or early transition trans girl teenager going through the potentially incredibly stressful and difficult situation of being trans, being told that you have to keep competing with the boys has social ramifications, and understandably feels like a rejection of their gender identity. I think it’s terrible that we can’t do some sci-fi shit where we perform perfect sex change operations in every way (for those who choose it).  **And if standards related to HRT or something can make it fair, then I support their inclusion.**     
      
Of course whether that is possible, and if so what those standards should be, is controversial and hotly debated, but i think it's important that we fully investigate the issue to see if there is a fair way to include transgirls with their preferred gender.  As long as we can do it in a reasonably athletically fair way, I think it's important for their personal and social development, which is of course one of the reasons high school sports exist.      
       
And it's worth noting that if a pre-transition transboy / transman chose to keep competing in female athletics, because they realized that was what was athletically fair for them, we wouldn't force them to play male athletics at a massive physical disadvantage, right?  
    
______________   
       
That being said, part of the reasons conservatives are trying so hard to use this is a wedge issue is that in some states, the rules really are crazy.  Crazy in the sense that even people who are far from being transphobic bigots realize they are nonsense.  In a number of states, like Connecticut, sports participation is ENTIRELY based on gender identity.  What that means is that transgirl / transwomen athletes who haven't done any sort of HRT or transition or anything, still enjoy the full athletic advantages of being born in a male body.  And to anybody who actually knows just how big male athletic advantage is, that's grossly unfair.    
     
Like, I'm a liberal (on most issues), pro trans, and an atheist.  And the ADF (alliance defending freedom) is on the side of the lawsuit suing over those policies.  And while I think the ADF are bigoted assholes, I PARTIALLY agree with them on this particular policy (regarding states with no transition related standards).  Now some people will just say I'm also a bigot, but I prefer to think "how badly is a rule written that somebody like me reluctantly agrees even partially with the ADF?"     
       
Sadly, we are in a nuance free world where you either have to hate all trans people, or want completely unlimited participation with absolutely no restrictions or standards or thresholds of any kind.  The first stance is morally bad, and the second is outrageously unfair to cisgender female athletes.  **There has to be an attempt at some sort of reasonably middle ground, that tries to be as socially inclusive as possible, while still allowing for some decent level of athletic fairness.**
It is nothing like Georgia's.  No photo ID necessary and polling places accept a lot more options for valid ID, including utilities bills, credit card bills, any tax document, auto title, library cards, expired IDs, fishing/hunting license, pill bottles, even hospital wristbands to name less than half.

If you don't have a photo ID in Georgia, you need to get one to vote. That red tape does not exist in Canada.
i hope you get paid to roll around in shit like this lol. wow. yes sweetie, he tied the VAWA to his crime bill that sent millions of people to prison as long as possible so that if anyone voted against the racist legislation he crafted with segregationists he could slam them with voting against a bill preventing violence against women. 

the thing is, i know you knew that the VAWA was tied to one of the most horrific racist pieces of legislation passed in the last 50 years.

this has been pretty illuminating - i knew that democrats like to pretend like they have a progressive policy agenda to ingratiate themselves to people to their left but you have to really hate yourself to bring up the VAWA in a conversation about joe biden because you know anybody that knows literally the first thing about the guy is going to know he used women's rights as a poison pill to terrorize minorities lol. 

it's like you're TRYING to make him look bad or something. talking about his advocacy for south africa just brings to mind him famously lying on multiple occasions about being arrested trying to visit nelson mandela - you never got back to me about whether that was lying or dementia btw, i guess you don't have that in your handy list of talking points??? weird. 

not sure why biden gets credit for signing the stimulus bill and trump doesn't. it is literally less money than trump gave, and we both know it's the last stimulus they'll pass before a forced reopening. i bet you that $600 joe owes me that's what happens :)
It wouldn't be America if positive legislation didn't include some kind of poison pill.
First, I don't trust any company to do this. Seriously, there is no company currently operating that I would trust with creating this device. 

Second, we've explored every single way this can go wrong in so many movies. Maybe the first round is super safe, created by a company that is tightly overseen, etc. What's to stop a rich billionaire from creating his own brand that is accidentally harmful or purposefully malicious? And you know people would "upgrade". Widespread acceptance of the idea means that even the people who didn't upgrade would be at risk. 

Third, I don't love technology. I use it, obviously. But there are less than 10 pictures of me on the internet, total (and none on reddit). I don't have any data for connecting to the internet on my phone. I will frequently shut off all my devices for no other reason than I don't want to be connected. Right now, I can take my license/passport as proof of my identity, but I can also leave them home. If I'm chipped, there's no way to remain anonymous. 

The only way I'd accept being chipped is if it was a pill that I could swallow and expel within a week. Absolutely nothing permanent. And speaking as a women who has been lied to over and over again about the harmlessness of implants that are *definitely* harmful, nothing implanted under the skin or inserted anywhere.
I agree with that. I feel like pharma gets a real bad rap because all it takes is one person being a lowlife and price gouging to make the whole industry look bad. Look at Daraprim. That lowlife hedge fund manager got the rights to the 62 year old medication and immediately upped the price from $13.50 to $750 a pill. After that the whole world hated big pharma
That’s a massive poison pill, don’t kill voting rights legislation just to seize an advantage in the Senate
Years ago I was a member of a popular online motorcycle forum. One of the longest-running discussion threads had nothing to do with bikes—it was all about the “red pill” men’s movement. (Red pill = waking up to the “reality” of how women take advantage of men.) The bitterness and misogyny in that thread was disturbing. Not surprised that there’s links between that mindset and Qanon.
The ultimate fuck you is Bezos takes a poison pill, liquidates everything, workers are out of jobs and we have no place to buy drop-healed left-handed hummahockers.  God that would be priceless.
Honestly just glad people finally shut up about Trump one way or another

The executive branch needs to take a chill pill... forever
This isn't just about winning in sports.  Public schools are using tax dollars for athletics programs, so girls absolutely should have equal access to those tax dollars.  (And arguing otherwise opens a can of worms that Title 9 was created to close.)  If you want to argue that no taxpayer money should be going to organized competitive sports programs, then I'll agree with you, but it's going to be a tougher pill for most parents to swallow than anything about transgender players.

More broadly, the problem isn't gender or the pursuit of equality, the problem is global competitiveness itself.

We may encourage boys and girls to play sports for benign reasons (healthy exercise or fun or an abstract love of the game itself), but in practice, the institutions who organize and compete in tournaments become ruthlessly win-centric.  Coaches are hired for their win records.  Kids push themselves to be the best and punish themselves when they fall short.  I watched my friends in high school destroy their knees in hopes of possibly competing statewide (and getting into the trophy case alongside the only other awards my school had ever achieved: some statewide champions from the seventies).

The highest levels of sports are an utter cesspit of cheaters, broken lives, and abuse from the Olympics to the Tour de France, that is only slightly less terrible when the leagues are unionized to operate more like an entertainment industry.  The whole thing is just rotten.

Parents want their kids regardless of gender to play sports, and many kids want it, too.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  But just throwing girls into boys leagues will ensure that girls do not play those sports at all in large numbers if those leagues are at all competitive; girls will be cut from those teams and warm the bench, almost universally.

If sports are supposed to be fun, then the answer cannot be "only the best get to have fun so git good".  If sports are supposed to be markers of merit and skill, then the answer cannot be "boys are just better than girls".  This mentality is going back days where women do "other things".

There's a lot to unravel in this topic, but there is no "simple".
I want to puke every time I see or hear him. Most because of his comment “ If there was a pill, a pill that I could take and not be gay anymore, then I would’ve jumped on it.”
I've been seeing these click bait headlines for the past couple days. This is way overblown. Here is what happened in this case from a lawyer's perspective:

Woman drinks and takes a pill, guy picks her up and takes her home. She falls asleep on the couch and wakes up while he's raping her. He is charged and convicted by a jury of 5th degree sexual assault (a misdemeanor) and 3rd degree sexual assault (a felony). 

The particular theory of the prosecutor for the 3rd degree rape charge was that she was "mentally incapacitated" and therefore could not give consent. Under Minnesota law, this mental incapacitation requires that a person is under the influence due to involuntary intoxication (e.g., roofied), which was reflected in the jury instructions. The rapist appealed on the grounds that he didn't drug her, and the state supreme court agreed. He will be tried again.

In the subsequent trial, the prosecutor should pursue conviction on the grounds that she was "physically helpless," which under state law means that she was "(a) asleep or not conscious, (b) unable to withhold consent or to withdraw consent because of a physical condition, or (c) unable to communicate nonconsent and the condition is known or reasonably should have been known to the actor." Under this definition, I believe he will be convicted again. I feel so sorry for the woman who has to go through this. The prosecutor pursued this on the wrong portion of the statute, which was meant to protect against people getting drugged and raped.
I've been seeing these click bait headlines for the past couple days. This is way overblown. Here is what happened in this case from a lawyer's perspective:

Woman drinks and takes a pill, guy picks her up and takes her home. She falls asleep on the couch and wakes up while he's raping her. He is charged and convicted by a jury of 5th degree sexual assault (a misdemeanor) and 3rd degree sexual assault (a felony). 

The particular theory of the prosecutor was that she was "mentally incapacitated" and therefore could not give consent. Under Minnesota law, this mental incapacitation requires that a person is under the influence due to involuntary intoxication (e.g., roofied), which was reflected in the jury instructions. The rapist appealed on the grounds that he didn't drug her, and the state supreme court agreed. He will be tried again.

In the subsequent trial, the prosecutor should pursue conviction on the grounds that she was "physically helpless," which under state law means that she was "(a) asleep or not conscious, (b) unable to withhold consent or to withdraw consent because of a physical condition, or (c) unable to communicate nonconsent and the condition is known or reasonably should have been known to the actor." Under this definition, I believe he will be convicted again. I feel so sorry for the woman who has to go through this. The prosecutor pursued this on the incorrect theory, which was meant to protect against people getting drugged and raped.
Having met people similar to what you described these people are less interested in the "truth" itself than they are about the perceived clout they get about spreading their "truth". In other words, they care more about being Morpheus than about the red pill.
&gt;You are not too bright.

Well if it isn't an ad hominem attack. With the downvote on top, lol.

I think that says everything there is to know about you. In the words of Putin to Biden : « no U».

As for death threats. No, the people that make them aren't banned, Navalny talked about this issue. I agree with the fact that she doesn't seem like a smart person to me either, but that's rich coming from you, really.

I mean come on, stop running in circles around everything the woman does, it just makes her more powerful and garners her more support, which is the only thing that matters.

Being a keyboard warrior doesn't really work. Take a chill pill, regroup.

Also, my argument is about perception, not technical ToS BS that's only selectively applied. Trump was banned, what Marjorie Greene did seems to pale in comparison is all.
You’re vastly overstating the value of ”the best” fast food workers and it will not have the effect you’re claiming on quality such that people will choose to pay more. In places where the quality of staff matters more you do see this all the time. Idk if this is a hard pill to swallow or something but the reality is that for the vast majority of fast food operations what you need is a warm body able to work the register and put fries in the fryer, the supply of this type of employee is high. Business owners will not pay extra because you’re particularly good at it because it won’t affect their revenue in a meaningful way.

Rather than looking at it from the perspective that ”if they believe in $15 minimum wage then Why don’t they pay it already”, turn it around. If it was difficult to find qualified enough staff to do the work, why is the pay so low? Because it is a buyers market. You don’t see Google developers on minimum wage even though there are no laws stipulating it because software developers are in lower supply and the quality difference matters.

I don’t mean any disrespect to any fast food workers at all, it is a legitimate and totally fine job to do, but this is the reality and paying more is only going to gimp the business as long as others are free to keep paying pennies on the dollar for the same work.
Red pill psychosis?
The filabuster is very situational.

You need to basically own the senate but not the house.  

It used to be used for lifetime judicial appointments which are senate only but it was abused and then removed under Obama and then thrown away as soon as trump got Supreme Court picks.

Plus there are tons of loopholes.  Want to pass a massive tax break.  No problem you can't filabuster a tax bill that doesn't raise the debt over 10 years - so just lie a lot or stack a poison pill in it with say a 100% tax increase year 9 - trumps tax cut did this.

As is the filabuster only hurts democrats.  If democrats try to use it or abuse it the same way Republicans do it will be thrown away and they will be proud of it.

Maybe it used it work but in modern politics it might as well be a republican only method to obstruct democrats so they can't pass bills and then elect Republicans.
The USPS is having money problems because Congress deliberately mandated a poison pill be placed in the USPS budget every year. Their money problems are not just because of wasteful spending. Look up "retirement plan funding by USPS" for details.  Congress basically set USPS up for budgetary failure.
I make 70k a year. and I'll be honest, the proposal of a wealth tax is a bs idea. Like utter bs. If you choose a bogus school major, signed the bill, knew the amount and got upset because you couldn't get a job, why do I have to pay your bill if I become successful. There such an easy answer to this. If congress taxed short term investments, trades on the stock market that lasted under a day, it would generate 750 billion in tax revenue. I think capital gains should go to zero, short term investments get taxed 15% and congress control spending on healthcare. Honestly you can't have free enterprises charging 70k per pill for a cancer treatment drug. If you fixed education, military spending, and healthcare you'd have 1.5 trillion in spending power on taxable income that could go towards universal basic income or infrastructure. Instead of increasing taxes why not fix where its being spent first. Last time I check we didn't need to spend 10 trillion dollars in the Middle East. I'm moderate but even then trying to rip money from people who made because you didn't is arrogant. I believe the estate tax should be increased but let rich people like bill gates choose how to give their money away, not lobbyists in Washington who want to spend more on pills and bombs.
Yes let's go back to 1960, sounds like a plan. The better choice would be comprehensive sex ed in all schools, widely available abortions, and access to the morning after pill without having yo worry if your employer or pharmacist would refuse you based in their outdated religious beliefs. I notice that's the only point you chose to address as well, completely ignoring the fact that most people don't CHOOSE to be single parents. You also conveniently ignore rape and forced births.
Sorta.

We over-leveraged the F out of the government with that tax bill.  It was a sleeping poison pill that should have slowly gone off over the period of 4-8 years.   Covid just sped everything up, but the weakness was already there.

So yeah, Covid was absolutely the trigger, but the damage from the lockdowns would have been considerably less without that tax bill.

There's also the complete handout that occurred during the first covid payments.  The money went to the wealthy for the most part instead of helping Americans, so we saw a decent collapse of the economy which also exacerbated that jump.

Covid just took the mask off of a horribly managed federal government.
Republicans are against the republic...  makes sense.


Seems to be the same with the way the US wages 'war' upon abtract concepts. 


- War on Terror -&gt; Moar Terror

- War on Drugs -&gt; Moar Drugs

- War on Opiates -&gt; Moar Fentanyl¹ on the street killing people.

- War on Poverty -&gt; Moar Poverty


can we have a War on Peace, Empathy, Kindness, and Prosperity?

---


1: if you are unfamiliar with fentanyl, it's something like 100x as potenent as morphine, 75x oxycodone (percocet), and 50-80x as potenent as pure, uncut heroin... to put this to scale, if we used a teaspoon to represent a dependent person' typical dose of heroin, a single drop would be the equivalent of fentanyl.


[Carfentanil](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carfentanil) is 100x stronger than fentanyl, so roughly 8,000-10,000x as strong as heroin. If a typical dose of heroin was a 32oz soda, the equivalent amount of carfentanil is a single drop.


Why am I on about fentanyl and carfentanil? Because since this ”War on Opiates”, the majority of medical grade opiates such as morphine, oxycodone, vicodin, percocet, demerol, oxymorphone, codeine, is now off the street. While some might consider this a ”win”, it isn't, as this has created a supply shortage. To fill it, fentanyl and carfentanil are being smuggled into the country and being cut with inactive filler, pressed into pills that *look* like actual medication, and sold as if it were from a pharmacy, not just as baggies of white-ish powder.


as street labs usually aren't able to mix ingredients with accuracy to a millionth of a gram, their pills are often nowhere near what the dose is supposed to be, and not consistent, either. a dependent could purchase 10 pills that look exactly like percocet 10mg pills they get from the pharmacy, and each pill they got could be anywhere from a 0mg equivalent dud to an accidental few micrograms of carfentanil (think a dozen grains of table salt) which is equivalent to 20x of what was expected, 200mg of percocet, well into overdose territory. 


oh, and a 'microgram' is a *millionth* of a second. for reference, if a second was a microgram, a milligram would be 16⅔ minutes, and a gram would be 11 days, 13 hours, 40 minutes, 48 seconds.


a typical 2 pill dose of tylenol is 1 gram (2 pills, 500mg each). using the above example of ~11.6 days is a million seconds, if your dose of tylenol is those ~11.6 days, a fatal dose of carfentanil is 3 seconds.


Why am I harping on this?


Because the well-meaning ”get the medical off the street” approach is getting more people killed and giving more power to foreign drug suppliers and cartels. Our approach needs to change.
Why bother? Get rid of it completely. And while they are at it, stop allowing “poison pill” amendments or creating giant bills having unrelated parts. How about actually doing their freakin job instead of allowing the senate to grind everything to a halt.
This is why they allowed this messaging.  

What would trump supporters have done if he won the popular vote but lost the electoral college? It’s a hard pill to swallow, I’ve voted in two elections where republicans lost the popular vote, one of them (bush) who actually lost both but the Supreme Court decided for us. This is corporate takeover!  The gop has radicalized its voters to defend their every move.
Wow. Thanks for wasting 10 minutes of my life watching a video that had jack shit to do with what we were talking about.

So to recap:

1) The Senate Parliamentarian's ruling is *de facto* final, and nobody cares that the Presiding Officer technically has the final say because they always defer to the parliamentarian, and in fact, often rely upon the Senate staff because they can't always be present. The procedure matters.

2) Sanders' stupid injection of the $15 minimum wage provision in the stimulus relief bill quite possibly could have ruined the Democrats' chances of passing it at all because it was a poison pill that drove a wedge between conservative Democrats and progressive Democrats.

3) Mitch McConnell is a toothless tiger that's got no leverage and is issuing empty threats about a hypothetical future Republican majority with no filibuster because he's scared.

We're done.
True. It was overruled one year after reconciliation was conceived of. It's not being overruled, and any talk of it is a waste of time.

The rest of your comment is irrelevant to the fact that Sanders' poison pill that was never going to survive reconciliation jeapardized the stimulus bill. The Byrd rule exists to prevent Congressmen from dumping random, unrelated items into budget bills. That's exactly what the $15 minimum wage provision was and it was rightly ruled to be extraneous.

When did I suggest Republicans dictate norms of the Senate? Also, the Byrd rule isn't just a Senate rule.
Your entire comment is evidence that you do hear what you want to hear. You are putting words in my mouth. Take a chill pill.
As a SWE who makes above $100k in a really expensive area, this is a really tough pill for me to swallow. That said, I think you're ultimately right. We're still far better off than the overwhelming majority of the country. If giving up more in taxes meant better wages for teachers, I'm all for it. 

I will say this, lowering it to $100k would affect an exponentially larger portion of Democratic voters, so there's that to consider.
Even the democrat voting info there sent out said to vote yes on this. Seems like a poison pill.
What if we just SAVED more lives through better care and/or technology *for the ones who could afford it* and/or sought treatment? IE, saved lives that could have been lost otherwise; ones who did die *could have been saved instead,* if they had care or sought it.

Living among the moronic, "Drink bleach and take this pill I'm vested in ...It will disappear," you also have to wonder about the additional impact on mental healthcare. We're the most over-prescribed country in the world already and suicides went up, but I don't have that data in front of me to make a comparison vs OECD.

Also, we're ...obviously #1 among OECD for COVID deaths per 100K, something like 15% higher per than the next closest country, and 25% or so higher than #8. Kinda sounds like you're undercutting your own argument for M4A without good reason.

Also, WE FUCKING PAY MORE than any of them ...and had the worst outcome. 

M4A would also, according to 22 studies, save $400 BILLION per year.

[https://www.kff.org/coronavirus-covid-19/slide/death-toll-of-the-pandemic-places-the-u-s-at-top-of-most-affected-countries/](https://www.kff.org/coronavirus-covid-19/slide/death-toll-of-the-pandemic-places-the-u-s-at-top-of-most-affected-countries/)
There is footage of Floyd shoving what could be a pill in his mouth during the stop that killed him. They are trying to establish a pattern to build reasonable doubt.

Edit: downvoting me won't change what they are trying to do
The scary part is that now through the courts, they can achieve their agenda in regards to the culture war regardless of whether they actually hold ANY legislative power or not. Roe v Wade, Affirmative Action and Immigration reform can all come down or be blocked via SCOTUS and their army of federal judges, as we've already seen with Biden's deportation memorandum being blocked within an hour of going into affect and all the tightening abortion restrictions SCOTUS has already quietly installed like with the pill.
It surprises me that something as integral to the well-being of a functioning democracy like voting isn't handled on the federal level.

On one hand, it would be nice to think that the Founders envisioned that States' constituents would never allow their electorate to get away with disenfranchising them, and that the potential for abuse on the federal level was too great, but the reality is probably more likely that the states have control over their own voting processes in order to serve as a poison pill if the interests of the common folk ever come into conflict with the interests of the ruling elite. 

In most Democratically-operated countries, an individual is automatically registered to vote when they come of the appropriate age. This would likely be the case for the United States too, if only we could get the states to all agree on a standardized voting practices.
Let’s remember something here the Republicans are not Trump. They as a party are to fractured to ever allow someone other then dear leader to take over in this way without a majority knifing them in the back. Nobody has that kind of pull because Trump still holds the reins. He will stick around till the primary to milk every cent out of the donors but he’ll be to old to run. I don’t see him turning his lifestyle around to be healthy enough.

Besides racism isn’t what got Trump elected. Don’t get me wrong it helped, but it was just the shit to wash down the poison pill. What got him elected was hope for the white lower middle class. They feel, right or wrong, that their opportunity for advancement is stunted. Trump was a guy who claimed to have made and lost and remade a fortune. They wanted that rebound to happen to them. Most of these people are 110% classists and they need to be climbing that ladder. To stay stationary means they aren’t good enough.
Self-regulated.  Big pharms also write the JAMA papers on their products.  If you know any doctors, talk to them about how rigged the healthcare system is.  That and read, "A Bitter Pill" by Brill. 

Back to the original post, his or her grandparent is going to be the norm.  My grandparents owned a house and had a nest egg (I'm 50).  If this is the future of retirement in America we are fucked.
It’s not that complicated. Frivolous spending and borrowing year after year is a recipe for disaster. How much can they inflate the currency until there’s no turning back. I am not a Republican and I’m not criticizing the current ministration. I think they’ve done a great job so far. I’m just asking the question will it help? Maybe if you saw the amount of taxes my very small business pays you would understand why I’m asking this. Despite these excessive taxes, I pay my few employee’s a very fair and livable wage. Increased income tax and a 5% tax increase is going to make that even harder. I guess it just a hard pill to swallow when I see the government waste $1 trillion on F 35’s that don’t make our Country any safer. And as much as I despise the Republicans it’s undeniable that both parties continue to inflate the currency, climb deeper in debt, and kick the can down the road to the future generations.
Take the blue pill... Bill Gates will know your location.
red pill it is. The real red not the generic brand/s
You take the red pill... you stay in Q-Land, and I show you just how deep the idiocy goes.
\*until the republicans try to force him to do it as a poison pill and he goes along with it for some reason
When they make a pill Biden should grind it up and put it in their mashed potatoes the way parents hide peas from kids like me. 
I still don’t eat peas though 😀
I doubt it, but perhaps the little poison pill Trump left for the middle class might stick around.
This Bill would severely crush third parties opportunities of getting on the ballot, it’s a poison pill for putting real pressure on the Democrats and progressives to get anything like Medicare for all, a 15$ minimum wage, or real climate change reform done. But sure, if youre one of the privileged who don’t need any of that and don’t care to leave a better world behind for the next generation, HR1 is just dandy.
Let's be real here...  We are gonna eat the spaghetti regardless...just don't quit taking the pill..lol
What the fuck are you talking about? You had an extra stupid pill for breakfast?
Sounds like my acid reflux.

I haven't had a flare up in a few days. Time to stop taking my pill and eat some more spaghetti.
I wonder if you could legally stipulate as part of a relief bill or stimulus bill or something that money does not get sent to districts represented by no votes. So if the pill passes, say, 225-210, then only 225/435 of the total money in the bill gets spent, and the rest does not.

The a Republican who genuinely has issues with the deficit can actually do his part. Vote no, and don't take the money. The government spends less, and you help the deficit. But as a side effect, your district gets no relief. We can't afford it anyway, right?

The bill would pass 435-0.
Or you could use data that's not from a survey created BEFORE A VACCINE was actually announced or approved. 


You red pill people are just incels who are missing that one dramatic experience before they snap.
Irrelevancy is the most bitter pill for the oversized ego.
Don’t fucking red pill the libs, every time we try they just get more insane.
The confusion is understandable. See, there was a war in the 1960s. No, not the one in Vietnam, although that was an enormous part of it.

Newton's third law of physics states that "For ever action, there is an equal and opposite reaction." Politics is like that, but on a delay, caused by election cycles.

The '60s had dawned with a hatless John F. Kennedy striding down Pennsylvania Avenue, the first POTUS who did not require a haberdasher, the first Roman Catholic ever elected to the Presidency. Kennedy had two Republicans in his cabinet, a rare inter-party occurrence. C. Douglas Dillon at Treasury, and Robert McNamara at Defense showed the youthful and vigorous-seeming Kennedy was open to finding the optimum methods of governing.

Kennedy promised that "We will go to the moon by the end of the decade and do the other things not because they are easy, but because they are hard..." The Peace Corps was promoted on PSAs. As a Nation, we were only a dozen years removed from the [Berlin Airlift](https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/films/airlift/), and just over fifteen years out from the end of hostilities in WWII. Americans got shit done, everybody knew that.

The Space Program was initiated the US sold/gave grain to countries whose populations were hungry. The Civil Rights movement and the Voting Rights Act, Brown v. Board of Education, breaking the sound barrier (I can remember "sonic booms" coming most likely out of Weymouth NAS), planes that could carry dozens of people thousands of miles, cars with motorized convertible tops, "Atoms for Peace", nuclear energy was supposed to become "too cheap to meter", monorails, flying cars, and endless invention and gadgetry was predicted for a bright future.

That's a kind of cross-section of "Madison Ave/US Gov't propaganda/projection/BS.

The realities of the day were the defection of the "Dixiecrats" to the Republican Party due to civil rights, with Lester Maddox, Bull Connor, and George Wallace as front men for white supremacy. The Vietnam war kept getting bigger, especially after the Kennedy Coup D'etat, widening the schism in the American public's perception of the conflict, for which there was still the US Selective Service male-only conscription based on a flawed lottery system, though the flaw remained undetected for decades. 

The big three news networks would eventually station reporters "in Country" to report on the war firsthand. The American public was getting footage of war it had never seen before, turning many against the conflict completely as the confusion and horror of firefights and bombings were "brought home". This would never be allowed again, network and free-lance reporters hitching rides on "choppers" and transports, writing what they saw, recording voices of soldiers or "grunts". It became easy to hate war. Well, the Military-Industrial Complex (MIC) simply couldn't let that go on, and after the lessons of the 'Nam were internalized, security for the Press became tighter than a Zebra's ass in fly time.

There was still the lingering sense that "Anything America wants to do, it can do. We were, in 1966 in the middle of two great changes that would affect almost everything about the country as the effects spread out over distance and time.

One was the "Summer of Love" and its attendant drug culture beginning in San Francisco and other points in California. VW microbuses with stick-on flower-shapes out of Dr. Seuss were common. "Orange Sunshine" LSD was immortalized my Owsley Stanley, a chemist-turned-folk-hero who created, along with self-promoters like Timothy Leary (The Moody Blues recorded "Timothy Leary's Dead) and Baba Ram Das, caught the public's attention in a big way regarding altered states of consciousness. Kids were told it would fuck up our chromosomes, or DNA, or RNA ... or something, for sure, if we took that stuff. Well, gray matter subject to &gt;1500 LSD trips is writing this, and each child is wonderfully normal by two different moms, so there's that. In 1974, the Inaugural year of the War On Drugs, I said to anyone who would listen that as regards weed, "The government needs to grow this stuff and tax the Hell out of it, everybody happy." They had lied about all the drugs except heroin. All the rest of 'em were *fun*, as long as you weren't an idiot about it.

Music had exploded, as had the tech to play it, write it, record it, edit it, the whole milieu was primed, the audience of Baby Boomers was ready, and the Summer of Love, The Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane, Country Joe and the Fish (Not So Sweet Martha Lorraine) ta name a few, were ready to fill the breach with music the world had never heard before. The confluence of all these linked influences created "Hippies", and a sense of questioning. Were these young people, standing up for Black Rights, Women's Rights, Stop The War, Free Love, "If it feels good, do it." were they "on to" something? Was there a "Counter-culture" way to live, rather than the "traditional" way, Jeebus on Sunday, no dark meat, no altered conscious (unless drinking?. Being "high" is no good, but being inebriated is fine), love the flag and follow orders unquestioningly? Some of us didn't think twice, and "Tune(d) In, Turn(ed) On, and Drop(ped) Out" of the old, rigid ways of thinking.


The "American Outlaw" was alive and well as Hell's Angels made noise under Sonny Barger, who allowed a young journalist practicing something called "Gonzo Journalism" to drive his station wagon along with the club as they went on "runs". It would be his first published book. His name was Hunter Thompson.

The other development was the Interstate Highway System, roughly 60% complete. Rail shipments dropped and railroads went out of business because trucks could ship right to the destination for the same price. And the American public could hop in the car and in two days be three-quarters of the way across the country.


There were *expectations* that bigger and better would keep happening indefinitely. The birth control Pill had freed women, automation/mechanization had given us more free time. The work week was anticipated to shrink below forty hours, minimum wage broke a dollar an hour in 1961, machines were going to do all "undesirable" jobs, consumer goods from cars to vinyl LP records to "TV Dinners" to Hula-Hoops to color televisions and ad infinitum. Buy! Buy! Buy!

What started with the Kennedy Coup continued with the murders of Malcolm X, Dr. Martin Luther King, and our last, best hope, Bobby Kennedy. This series of murders by the Right, which had a military wing the Left did not, effectively decapitated the political Left for the remainder of the Century. But the American public was sold a bill of goods, the "lone nut", the "no conspiracy" bullshit, the Warren ~~Coverup~~ Commission, (I could not link to the unedited Zapruder film, but I have seen it) and those of us who saw more than "random lone nut" killings became [badly disillusioned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN1DurIyHiI)

Listen to "What About Me" by Quicksilver Messenger Service, all the way through to the end. And keep in mind that the lyrics and arrangement of the song are done unironically.  Also "Power To The People" by the Plastic Ono Band.
The weird thing is you’re assuming it was a white person when 85% of this rise in crime is from black folk. Hard pill to swallow but reading through this entire post it seems every where is racist and not just WhItEy.
&gt; Amazon operated at a loss to drive out the competition 

Well, not sure how much of that goes on, but what they have a massive advantage on is their ability to leverage economies of scale and market share to out compete those who can not. 

As for diapers, are you talking "amazon basics" ones, or in general as things go for prices in brick and mortar stores? There are a lot of complicating factors to that and something cheaper does not mean its made to be sold at a loss.

Using Costco for an example, kirkland ibuprofein that you get at a fraction of the cost of the brand name thing next to it and at a way better value per pill than the 20 pack from the grocers. Other than being the brand name thing there is no reason for ibuprofein to that much more than the generic next to it. However, then you get to the things like the rotisserie chickens and the $1.50 hotdog with drinks... those are sold at a cost, or at a loss to attract customers, but there is no way to argue that they do so in an attempt to competitors out of business outright due to differentiation in consumer target demographics and basic business models.
Jesus christ you're angry. They have since corrected the article and title. The original title is how OP posted it. Take a chill pill bro
Ya no, it would be roughly the same. When you have the majority of deaths "with covid" affect the majority of the population that is obese, chronically vitamin D deffisient, or elderly with multiple co morbidities.. the result is the same. You are sickly, you get rekt.

The answer was never lockdowns (massive negatives to mental health and the economy aka poverty) nor is it waiting for a magic pill or vaccines (I am pro vaccines). The answer is OVERALL HEALTH. Yet not a single politicians is urging people to go outside, get fit and eat whole foods.

Besides, Trump helped push the vaccine production. Biden really is just the one handing them out.
Oh no no no, Garland is the main course and the after-dinner horse pill.
I'm arguing it should be considered, when it's often dismissed out of hand as if all suicide attempts are going to happen and the means doesn't make a difference. Like, you can do some prevention by denying the most accessible means to people.

There's similar arguments involving gun crime, where I've definitely had retorts that people would move to knives or bombs if denied guns. As if there were no inherent advantage to using a gun.

I'm not looking for a magic pill either. I just roll my eyes a little when it feels like some want to deny the problem has anything to do with guns or not having guns in the picture wouldn't change anything.
Exactly, how can do you discount or prop up suicide rates when it is a much more complex issue that goes beyond gun laws. 

I never once advocated for more guns, merely enforcing current laws instead of looking for a magic pill to fix our current situation.
Dr. Seuss just isn't fueling their outrage machine like they want.



They've been riding an anger high since Obama and they are trying to take anything left in the pill cabinet
Oh you got me there, did you take the red pill are you eating bloody steak bruh?
This all app is fake news I actually like part of it. It’s hard to believe that people believe this information posted on this app. Keep taking the blue pill people and you will end up like the people in the Matrix. Used by the machine of the left get used to wearing mask.
Americans are obsessed with it(weight) because they *know* they are morbidly obese, but couldn't be bothered to do anything about it.  They'd rather bury their head in the sand and sing la-la-la-la-la than give up their 3000 calorie meal or go for a walk.  

America is the land of the Quick Fix.  If a pill can't fix it, they don't want to know about it. sadly that view is spreading and it's infected Australia and the UK as well.

Taking responsibility for your personal health is becoming more and more rare.  Health problems must have a cause and * it cannot be my weight* even though they are 150cm and 150kg.

Cognitive dissonance is real and scary.
Wow, that’s a blast from the past. 

What was that diet pill that had that problem? Not ephedra. Some over-the-counter thing, maybe fifteen or twenty years ago.
Oh, he got consequences. He has permanent crescent shaped floaters in his vision now. However, his pupils are so dilated from the constant pill popping that he barely notices.
Or, they might decide that the legislation can't be enforced without that portion, therefore it all gets thrown out. 

Another Republican poison pill.
What's that poison pill?
It needs serious reforms, otherwise it's going to further entrench the two party system. We need Gerrymandering reform, Ranked Choiec Voting, and public funding and getting private money out of public elections. There's a poison pill in the bill and nobody besides third parties are talking about it.
Yea? Why do we have to swallow the pill but the politicians are literally unaffected and still doing just fine. Why do we have to suffer because these people think they know better or put so much weight on bullshit like the Senate parliamentarian. They don't want to help and want excuses to not make their donors mad. Why does this UNELECTED ADVISORY ROLE get to decide if we can get a $15 minimum wage?
I don't disagree, but there's still time. 

I'd love to see DC made a state and the filibuster changed to require 40votes to block a vote versus 60 to move to a vote. 

I'd prefer it gone, but folks like Manchin need a win to keep their base happy. 

It sucks but sometimes you gotta swallow the bitter pill that is politics.
It’s a rough pill to swallow, but no problem. As long as people can learn the error in their ways, there’s still hope for the country/human race, right?
What did it take for your father to come to that conclusion?  I am at a loss with mine, I went NC with him about a week ago because I couldn't handle all the Q memes, anti-vax, anti-mask bullshit he was sending me daily.  Last thing he said to me was "You are the hardest person to red pill".
They're setting up some kind of forgiveness, so go ahead and swallow that pill.
Being fed a steady diet of lies for one’s entire life fucks you up.

Look, I believe on no quarter, scorched earth tactics toward the fascists at this point. But. If someone is willing to swallow that hard pill and ask for help, what are we is we don’t try.
It's closed from one side? Subs can be tacos, too...
Now, if you break a hard taco in half (when it gets soggy), it stops being a taco and becomes a sandwich (in theory; in practice it's just a pill of mess)
&gt;Unlike other forms of sedation that are inhaled (like nitrous oxide) or taken in pill form, the dentist administers the sedation intravenously, which means through your vein. IV sedation provides several benefits: It starts working quickly, and you feel minimal to no pain during the procedure.

Not correct sir.
First, I did. 

Second, we don’t, especially after it’s been signed into law. 

Third I agree, but that’s not the intention of the headline. 

Dang yo. Take a chill pill.
Honestly, it’s a tricky question.

On the one hand, I’d agree that to an extent, people should be allowed to take the risk if they personally decide they want to do so. And there’s no denying that by preventing those manufacturers from making the vaccine, it will slow down how quickly India can vaccinate its citizens. Those are both valid points.

However, I truly can’t emphasize enough just how dangerous some of those companies and their quality control (or lack thereof) in India are. It’s actually a well documented problem - Indian companies end up making generic versions of a lot of prescription drugs created by US companies (things like Viagra, etc) once the IP on those run out. And over the years, there have been a lot of issues. The basic problem is that India has nowhere near the level of regulation that US manufacturers have to follow, nor do they implement enough inspections to hold those companies accountable - over the years, a lot of external tests have been done to assess those drugs, and the frequency at which they are found to include dangerous levels of chemicals which are safe if the drug is made correctly, but can lead to overdoses if the drug is made incorrectly, is worrisome.

In fact, this problem has even made its way to the US. When people buy prescription drugs that they can’t actually get prescribed by a doctor (through dealers, the dark web, etc), quite often they’re actually buying generic versions of those drugs from India. Smuggling drugs out of US pharmaceutical plants/distribution centers (I’ve visited a few myself - the security is nuts) is so difficult that more often than not, it’s actually easier to ship those drugs from India to the US and sneak them past customs, than it is to just steal them in the US to begin with. Those drugs from India are actually a major cause of why so many people in the US (especially young people), have formed health issues related to drug use - they think they’re taking safe versions, but really are taking shitty quality product. My own brother actually fell victim to this - he was using a generic form of adderall he purchased online (manufactured in India), and had a seizure. Afterwards, he provided a sample of a pill from the same batch for testing, and the lab not only found chemicals which weren’t supposed to be there period, but found that the actual dosage amount of each pill was almost 80% higher than it was supposed to be. This is the kind of thing which would have almost certainly been caught my a company like Pfizer before that batch ever left their facility.

Which brings us back to the vaccines. On the one hand, perhaps it makes sense to allow Indian companies to produce the vaccine due to the benefits I mentioned above. However, you can also argue that companies like Pfizer and J&amp;J have a moral obligation to ensure that they only allow companies with sufficient safeguards, quality control, and histories of success to produce their vaccines - especially when we’re talking about a vaccine which was created in record time, and will likely still require a significant amount of oversight to properly manage for years to come (to be clear though, I know lots of people in the industry and not one has said the vaccine may be unsafe - despite what a lot of poorly informed people on Facebook might tell you, the vaccines underwent extremely rigorous testing even though it was in a constrained timeline). It’s completely reasonable to believe that India may be better off waiting for the companies who created the vaccine and have rigorous quality control programs to build up the supply, vs rushing ahead and potentially creating a different set of issues by allowing companies with dubious track records to give it a shot.
If it was most other drugs they'd patent it with a new delivery system every 2 years (e.g. pill, capsule, chewable) to keep the margins high. That part is bullishit.

Drug patents should have a set period of exclusivity (if they choose), followed by a set period of licensing (no choice), then it becomes public domain.
Mind if I take a pill?
Like I said at the beginning I’m suggesting the exact same thing as the India situation eminent domain of a general license.  The patent office in India took some of the exclusive rights away from Bayer (a government taking) &amp;  paid them royalty for it.  In this case “just compensation” was a lot less than $5,000 a pill.  

It was a *compulsory* general license.  That allowed the government to subcontract production of the medicine and pay Bayer royalties on each sale. Royalties determined by the judicial system which was based on production costs not the amount Bayer was price gouging people.  Since Bayer could not supply the demand at a reasonable price the government stepped in.  And it should when there’s a monopoly for life saving medicine.  In other words Bayer (a German company with a patent in India) didn’t voluntarily agree to relinquish its exclusive production and sale rights.  

This is exactly what condemnation of a general patent license is.
Equating support for the idea of a "background check for every gun sale" and support for this bill is misleading.

It's like using support for "reasonable regulations on abortion" to justify a bill banning everything but the morning after pill.
It's a lot harder to make sure you're giving the correct dose. My wife is type 2, and all she has to do is dial her dose on the pen and it gives it precisely (doses are set in 100ths of a milliliter).

Also, I'm a little incorrect. Synthetic insulin is definitely cheap. Most stuff on the market, however, has other drugs in it too to help better control your blood sugar. My wife has two pens and a pill she takes daily, plus a weekly pen. 

Unfortunately diabetes isn't just as easy as "body doesn't make insulin, put insulin in"
A lot of those molecules start out in public university research labs with money from the likes of the NIH or NSF. The drugs we really need, like antibiotics w new modes of action, aren't really being worked on by big pharma.

They'd rather make treatments for things where you're taking a pill everyday to manage a condition than working on cures or preventative medicines.
&gt;Supporters of QAnon have suggested the South Park special mocking the movement is a positive thing, claiming it actually helped promote their beliefs and encouraged others to research further.

Man, they really be drinking their koolaid too much.

&gt;The hour-long episode **South ParQ: Vaccination Special...*

Lmao. They outdid themselves in this.

&gt;Ahead of its broadcast, an official synopsis for the episode will be about a "hilarious new militant group" that tries to stop the show's child protagonists from getting their teacher vaccinated.

I'm definitely watching this!

&gt;Elsewhere Mr. Garrison, one of South Park's main characters who for the past few years has played a pseudo-Donald Trump character, is seen returning to his previous job as an elementary school teacher because he is no longer president.
&gt;
&gt;...
&gt;
&gt;"More the media talks about Q, the greater the Overton window enlarges," Pepe Lives Matter, a Telegram channel with more than 52,000 subscribers, wrote. "The Great Awakening is inevitable."
&gt;Another QAnon Telegram channel, GhostEzra—which has more than 234,00 subscribers—suggested: "Welcome to operation wakeup."
&gt;
&gt;Other QAnon supporters made repeated reference to South Park being a "red pill" or "red piling" its audience.
&gt;

Oh boy. No shrink can help these guys.
In that massive tax cut there is a poison pill that increases tax to middle class - lower middle (under 100k) that takes effect in 2022-23.    It was added so watch for 2022 if GOP start yelling about middle class tax increases. Yah well, they did it.
Don't forget the expiration date poison pill they added so they could campaign on "Democrats want to raise your taxes!"
&gt;Then we have lost the concept of how long it takes to fix things, whether corralling a virus or solving inequality.

I think youre more right than you know.   I used to work in a physical therapy clinic. Many people (more often non-trauma injury patients) had the expectation they would be healed after a week. I would have to remind them their recovery/healing was a process. They wanted a quick fix. There is no quick fix, no magic pill.  

&gt;We actively don’t want solutions it seems - or at least half don’t.

Even worse is there was some people that I actively fight against the solution. Or at the very least they spend their time, energy and money creating misinformation and sowing doubt because the solution will hurt their bottom line. The tobacco industry, the petroleum industry, mining industry, pharmaceutical industry (I'm thinking oxycontin and other opiods; not all). 

&gt;So I’d say best case scenario we as a society are currently riding that edge between hoping for failure and impatient fir change just like you ponder if Camacho did

And we're all riding around in a compact piece of shit with a dildo on the hood hoping we don't get killed.
I feel like this should be really pushed and spread if it is the case. It has the possibility of looking like a poison pill come next tax year if people don't prepare.
Throw around as much 'the DNC are cowards!' rhetoric as you like and this thread can say whatever about Sinema, but I promise you it's ultimately wasted here.  
This is too straightforward for any of that to actually matter.

To start with: ***The Senate Majority Leader firing the Parliamentarian in the future***  
is very much different than    
***The VP forcing legislation the Parliamentarian said violates the Byrd Rule***.

Whether or not the Majority Leader replaces them, frankly, has zero bearing on *this* bill. It's already been said to go outside the bounds of budget reconciliation, the Senate Parliamentarian could have spontaneously combusted between then and the vote and this situation would not have changed.

Violating the Byrd Rule is *actually a crime*. It's in the legal code! By trying to force the minimum wage increase you're adding your own poison pill that could destroy or hold up the entirety of the aid package.   
The only way to cleanly avoid that and keep the minimum wage increase was to have a vote to overrule it, which requires a 2/3 majority.

None of the above changes, no matter how bullish or aggressive or singularly galvanized the Democratic party might become, or however much they buckle and collapse.
We should convince them to try this new pill that Donald Trump invented. Claiming that it will make America great again, which makes them go to the big sleep. Which will actually make America a better/ safer place.
I'll make the same point I've made throughout the rest of the thread:

The hormonal birth control pill for women was brought to market in the 60s under conditions of laxer medical regulation. There is active research into safer alternatives to the current pill.

That being said, what exactly do you want the outcome to be here?

Should we remove access to the pill offered to women keeping in mind that many take it successfully for birth control? Plus there are  others who take it for hormone management and thus rely on it for a large part of their life.

&gt; The only difference between male and female birth control side effects is that people take men's health more seriously than women's, and that is an actual fact.

The rate of side effects from the male birth control trial were far higher than the rate of side effects from female birth control. I understand frustrations but again, please read the actual study and look at the methodologies including the notes about "relatively high" suicidal ideation.

There is no conspiracy against women here, this is not battle of the sexes. It is contrary to the intended purpose to push forward with the survey despite the high rate of adverse affect because unlike with the female birth control pill there are no suggested off-label uses, men will just opt not to use it.
Few corrections: Biden defines bipartisan as the people of the country, not republicans in congress. He knows they're gonna be idiots so he's appealing to the average GOP voter saying he's working for them, not for the washington elite which is a much stronger message.

Schumer has been doing pretty well so far as a leader. It's only been less then 2 months so far so hard to judge him as awful or bad but he's done okay.

8 Dem senators voted against putting the 15 dollar wages into the covid bill. Not against it as separate legislation but as part of the addition. It was a bit of a poison pill to the integrity of the bill since it could be contested in court and it didn't fit the topic of budget. There is a big difference.
Republican opposition won’t have consequences with their voters. They will just say the democrats refused to work with them (or if the democrats do work with them put in a poison pill) and their voters will believe them.
if that couple had their tax bill seriously go up because of the salt cap in TCJA a few years back, I selfishly argue yes. We're not rich. Our income is taxed twice state and property taxes in conjunction with fed taxes. Our home isn't nice by any stretch. Same WW2 pill boxes that in my parents time were under 100k. The mortgage and property taxes are pretty high for most residents in CA, NJ etc.
Sadly, this subject always ends up being a clusterfuck. On one side, we have transphobic bigots, who pretend to care about women's sports just long enough to have an excuse to bash trans people.  Their objections are primarily cultural, and not in fact based in caring about athletic fairness.  If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.      
      
On the other hand, there are a LOT of very well meaning but naive people who are very ignorant about the impact of the athletic traits of being male or female, and how massive an advantage male athletes have over female athletes post puberty.     
     
And then reasonable voices who are pro trans rights and acceptance, but also trying to keep athletic fairness in mind in a difficult and nuanced subject, just get steamrolled by nonsense.      
       
Just to be clear, I'm speaking as a generally liberal, generally pro trans person.  Who actually cares about women's sports.  And while I don't claim to be a super expert, I've coached male and female athletes on reasonably high levels, both high school and college.  I've also had the rare experiences of being a male athlete and competing in reasonably serious scrimmages with female college athletes.       
    
So here is my nuanced take:        
___________         
        
The first things that's important to realize is that we segregate athletics based on sex, not based on gender., because male athletes have a significant athletic advantage.  This isn't a bachelor party, or girls night out.  It isn't separated based on social gender roles.  If male athletes and female athletes were athletically equal, we wouldn't even have separate sports, it would all just be co-ed.  So even saying "girls sports" or "womens sports" is arguably an inaccurate term, left over from days when nobody commonly drew a distinction between sex and gender.  It's really more accurate to call them female sports.  So your gender identity isn't really directly relevant.  Saying "transgirls are girls, end of discussion," misses the entire point of why we separate sports.         
      
Now, that being said, I really sympathize with people in this situation. It’s easy to logically say “well we only segregate sports for reasons of sex, not gender, so telling a pre transition trans woman they have to keep participating with the males is not a rejection of their gender identity.” And I do believe that is logically 100% true.  You can acknowledge them as a girl / women, but still athletically sort them as a male athlete.      
     
But at the same time, I understand how to a pre or early transition trans girl teenager going through the potentially incredibly stressful and difficult situation of being trans, being told that you have to keep competing with the boys has social ramifications, and understandably feels like a rejection of their gender identity. I think it’s terrible that we can’t do some sci-fi shit where we perform perfect sex change operations in every way (for those who choose it).  **And if standards related to HRT or something can make it fair, then I support their inclusion.**     
      
Of course whether that is possible, and if so what those standards should be, is controversial and hotly debated, but i think it's important that we fully investigate the issue to see if there is a fair way to include transgirls with their preferred gender.  As long as we can do it in a reasonably athletically fair way, I think it's important for their personal and social development, which is of course one of the reasons high school sports exist.      
       
And it's worth noting that if a pre-transition transboy / transman chose to keep competing in female athletics, because they realized that was what was athletically fair for them, we wouldn't force them to play male athletics at a massive physical disadvantage, right?  
    
______________   
       
That being said, part of the reasons conservatives are trying so hard to use this is a wedge issue is that in SOME states, the rules really are crazy.  Crazy in the sense that even people who are far from being transphobic bigots realize they are nonsense.  In a number of states, like Connecticut, sports participation is ENTIRELY based on gender identity.  What that means is that transgirl / transwomen athletes who haven't done any sort of HRT or transition or anything, and are still athletically speaking male athletes, can participate in female sports.  I know the term "male athletes" (they are girls / women, but for all athletic purposes still male), can come off as a bit insensitive, but that really is the reality of what the rules permit.  And to anybody who actually knows just how big male athletic advantage is, that's grossly unfair.    
     
Like, I'm a liberal (on most issues), pro trans, and an atheist.  And the ADF (alliance defending freedom) is on the side of the lawsuit suing over those policies.  And while I think the ADF are bigoted assholes, I agree with them on this particular policy.  Now some people will just say I'm also a bigot, but I prefer to think "how badly is a rule written that somebody like me reluctantly agrees with the ADF?"     
       
Sadly, we are in a nuance free world where you either have to hate all trans people, or want completely unlimited participation with absolutely no restrictions or standards or thresholds of any kind.  The first stance is morally bad, and the second is outrageously unfair to cisgender female athletes.  **There has to be an attempt at some sort of reasonably middle ground, that tries to be as socially inclusive as possible, while still allowing for some decent level of athletic fairness.**
It feels like a bad-faith argument, because it's a bad-faith argument.

Even if that minimum wage provision had been put into the bill, the entire bill would have been voted down.  This is why you saw democrats vote against the amendment.  The parliamentarian ruled against it.  Just because you \*can\* overrule that via a majority vote, doesn't mean you \*should\*.  

&amp;#x200B;

This was just another Bernie Sanders grandstanding moment, something he's gotten so proficient at in his 30+ years in congress.   He knew the amendment had no chance of passing.  He knew it shouldn't have been tried to put into the bill in the first place.  But he did it anyway to get on TV, and to try to do a live purity test.

&amp;#x200B;

Put a clean minimum wage hike bill on the floor.  I bet it gets a LOT more support than the Chapos think.  Sanders knows \*this\* too, and he doesn't get to 'shame' anyone this way. so you put an amendment up which is essentially a poison pill - not because people don't want it, but because you're violating your own rules to get it done.
Frankly, there’s an underlying issue there.

👀

**Education.**

Why do people think Biden is going hard on that?

Legislating to “fool-proof” an electoral system .. hmm.

Because the center does it right.

Bitter pill.
&gt; fix the pension poison pill that Republicans made them swallow. 

**FALSE.**  H.R. 22: Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006 which is responsible for enacting the prefunding mandate passed with a vote of 410 in favor and 20 in opposition. Every single one of the 201 Democrats voted for the bill and all 20 votes in opposition were from Republicans.

[https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/109-2005/h430](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/109-2005/h430)

When the Senate approved the bill and it came back to the House, the final House approval was by Unanimous Consent.

[https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/109/hr22](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/109/hr22)
Great. Now fix the pension poison pill that Republicans made them swallow.
Sadly, this subject always ends up being a clusterfuck. On one side, we have transphobic bigots, who pretend to care about women's sports just long enough to have an excuse to bash trans people.  Their objections are primarily cultural, and not in fact based in caring about athletic fairness.  If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.      
      
On the other hand, there are a LOT of very well meaning but naive people who are very ignorant about the impact of the athletic traits of being male or female, and how massive an advantage male athletes have over female athletes post puberty.     
     
And then reasonable voices who are pro trans rights and acceptance, but also trying to keep athletic fairness in mind in a difficult and nuanced subject, just get steamrolled by nonsense.      
       
Just to be clear, I'm speaking as a generally liberal, generally pro trans person.  Who actually cares about women's sports.  And while I don't claim to be a super expert, I've coached male and female athletes on reasonably high levels, both high school and college.  I've also had the rare experiences of being a male athlete and competing in reasonably serious scrimmages with female college athletes.       
    
So here is my nuanced take:        
___________         
        
The first things that's important to realize is that we segregate athletics based on sex, not based on gender.  This isn't a bachelor party, or girls night out.  It isn't separated based on social gender roles.  If male athletes and female athletes were athletically equal, we wouldn't even have separate sports, it would all just be co-ed.  So even saying "girls sports" or "womens sports" is arguably an inaccurate term, left over from days when nobody commonly drew a distinction between sex and gender.  It's really more accurate to call them female sports.  So your gender identity isn't really directly relevant.  Saying "transgirls are girls, end of discussion," misses the entire point of why we separate sports.         
      
Now, that being said, I really sympathize with people in this situation. It’s easy to logically say “well we only segregate sports for reasons of sex, not gender, so telling a pre transition trans woman they have to keep participating with the males is not a rejection of their gender identity.” And I do believe that is logically 100% true.  You can acknowledge them as a girl / women, but still athletically sort them as a male athlete.      
     
But at the same time, I understand how to a pre or early transition trans girl teenager going through the potentially incredibly stressful and difficult situation of being trans, being told that you have to keep competing with the boys has social ramifications, and understandably feels like a rejection of their gender identity. I think it’s terrible that we can’t do some sci-fi shit where we perform perfect sex change operations in every way (for those who choose it).  **And if standards related to HRT or something can make it fair, then I support their inclusion.**     
      
Of course whether that is possible, and if so what those standards should be, is controversial and hotly debated, but i think it's important that we fully investigate the issue to see if there is a fair way to include transgirls with their preferred gender.  As long as we can do it in a reasonably athletically fair way, I think it's important for their personal and social development, which is of course one of the reasons high school sports exist.      
       
And it's worth noting that if a pre-transition transboy / transman chose to keep competing in female athletics, because they realized that was what was athletically fair for them, we wouldn't force them to play male athletics at a massive physical disadvantage, right?  
    
______________   
       
That being said, part of the reasons conservatives are trying so hard to use this is a wedge issue is that in SOME states, the rules really are crazy.  Crazy in the sense that even people who are far from being transphobic bigots realize they are nonsense.  In a number of states, like Connecticut, sports participation is ENTIRELY based on gender identity.  What that means is that transgirl / transwomen athletes who haven't done any sort of HRT or transition or anything, and are still athletically speaking male athletes, can participate in female sports.  I know the term "male athletes" (they are girls / women, but for all athletic purposes still male), can come off as a bit insensitive, but that really is the reality of what the rules permit.  And to anybody who actually knows just how big male athletic advantage is, that's grossly unfair.    
     
Like, I'm a liberal (on most issues), pro trans, and an atheist.  And the ADF (alliance defending freedom) is on the side of the lawsuit suing over those policies.  And while I think the ADF are bigoted assholes, I agree with them on this particular policy.  Now some people will just say I'm also a bigot, but I prefer to think "how badly is a rule written that somebody like me reluctantly agrees with the ADF?"     
       
Sadly, we are in a nuance free world where you either have to hate all trans people, or want completely unlimited participation with absolutely no restrictions or standards or thresholds of any kind.  The first stance is morally bad, and the second is outrageously unfair to cisgender female athletes.  **There has to be an attempt at some sort of reasonably middle ground, that tries to be as socially inclusive as possible, while still allowing for some decent level of athletic fairness.**
Yeah, the revamping of the tipped minimum wage was a bit of a poison pill right now considering how many restaurants are struggling right now.
Exactly. Manchin was saving filibuster reform for something that could not be passed using budget reconciliation, and he has more clout with conservatives now after the COVID relief negotiations, so it'll be an easier pill to swallow for conservative voters.
Minimum wage is 100% a poison pill to the **COVID relief bill**

Everyone but the fanatics know it. And they are willing to throw everyone under the bus over it and help the Republicans rather than talk up the good work of the covid relief bill
You trump supports alway pill this “both sides” bs to make trump’s treason seem normal.
I think it's mainly to do with the fact that it needs to be stored in very cold temperatures before use. If it was just a pill that can be at room temperature it would be a lot easier to manage distribution. You have to have cold transports and also places set up to store at those temperatures as well. That makes it more difficult for rural areas since they didn't have as many dense populations to support that capability before the pandemic, or to justify it after the vaccine was produced. I have two places that I know about within half an hour of me since I'm in California.
I think that you’re making a bit of a false equivalency here. There is significantly less “hero worship” on the left in American politics than in the lockstep gqp. Criticism is good and debate is good, but it has to be based in reality.

For example, much of this subreddit (and a lot of democrats) are up in arms about the removal of the $15 minimum wage from the relief bill. That seems like a lot of criticism from a place that is left leaning. But even that ignores a lot of the nuance and reality of why it had to be done and the fact that it would have been a poison pill that killed the whole bill.
Is it possible to get Manchin on board with removing the filibuster in exchange for his infrastructure deal? We need infrastructure so it isn't a poison pill compromise
It is mostly the incel/red pill types that do that shit. There is such a great overlap between misogyny and white supremacy that at this point I don't know which one is causing which here.
It is mostly the incel/red pill types that do that shit. There is such a great overlap between misogyny and white supremacy that at this point I don't know which one is causing which here.
No. Once the blocker is removed, the child will proceed with their normal puberty if no other hormonal intervention is used. The blocker is a surgical procedure to insert a pill sized object in the arm but kids get surgery all the time.
The 1400+600 would have been a easier pill to swallow if it would have passed a month ago. We're going on 3 months by the time this passes.
The original Darren had a huge pill problem stemming from an old back injury. That’s why a new Darren popped up in the middle of the production run. The other actors were probably downing pitchers of martinis.
Throw in Joe Rogan in his red pill studio and all his "comedy" cronies moving in..hell hole...
This guy took the red pill look out y'all
I’m mad about them doing this, but the more I think about it I’m pretty sure they didn’t have a choice. With reconciliation anyone can bring amendments to the floor. I’m guessing Manchin had gotten the Republicans on board with amending the bill to shrink eligibility. None of them would have voted for the final bill even with their amendment, but when you include Manchin Republicans have a majority so democrats couldn’t stop the amendment. Once that is added the choice would be to vote down the whole bill or accept the cuts. Since democrats suck at messaging if they voted it down Republicans would be able to blame progressives for tanking it and voters would ignore that Manchin and the GQP inserted a poison pill. Likely if more than one progressive withheld their vote over it Moscow Mitch would let just enough Republicans vote for it to let it still fail to pass so Manchin could claim it was bipartisan and support the GQP’s blame shifting.
Yup. The truth pill. Lol.
Alright I’m Over this. Take a chill pill mate go bang a kangaroo or something
A poison pill from Manchin. He will continue to pay dividends for the GOP come midterms.
Hmm, a pill-popping, misogynist boozer in the Trump administration?  Hard to believe that such a model group of people would have tolerated such lewd behavior in their midst...
Yep... Trump only hired the best... best drunk, best pill popper, best sexual pervert😏
Absolutely. They also wouldn't automatically side with a pill-popping drunkard with a history of sexual harassment just because some woman and a bunch of inspectors decided to come forward with multiple testimonies.
People receiving the $500 were less anxious and depressed than the comparison group. They also showed improvement in emotional health, energy, and emotional wellbeing.

“I had panic attacks and anxiety. I was at the point where I had to take a pill for it. And I haven’t even touched them in awhile. I used to carry them on me all the time.”

Yea.....shocking
I don't think separation of church and state is a poison pill for most American Christians. It's a poison pill for people who stan Mike Pence and Donald Trump, but you're talking about extreme evangelicals there. 

Lutherans don't want Democrats tried in military tribunals &amp; summarily executed. There is that element in the extreme Christian identitarian right, but they are not a majority among Christians and never have been. Those who would ban abortion are a noisome plurality, not the silent majority.
I enjoy challenging my beliefs. It’s how I became a democrat after I left the military, and it forced me to reconcile the views between Clinton and Bernie in ‘16

Thanks for the recommendation

As a pastafarian, many others and myself are welcoming to people of faith in politics. I just believe in a hard separation between the church and state, and that we do not have such a thing in modern America.

Maybe that’s a poison pill to Christian American voters, but one I’m happy to have to make an argument, in order to convince them
60% is barely enough to break a filibuster, and it's not enough to convict a president of impeachment charges.

71% is enough to do both of those things.

Plus, the former leaves 40% of Americans unhappy; the latter leaves only 29% unhappy.

Why aren't you supportive of the more popular minimum wage proposal? Why do you want to make *more* Americans unhappy?

It's a hard pill to swallow when your preferred policy isn't the most preferred policy by Americans. But sometimes, things just shake out that way.
Near perfect overlap. These are likely the type of people subscribing to bullshit such as red pill/incel ideology and white replacement conspiracies. 

Racism and misogyny are so correlated I am now curious if one caused the other but it is like the chicken and the egg so the answer may not be as clear to which was the culprit.
An alcoholic, pill popping pervert you say? The GOP would like to announce their new presidential candidate for 2022. Ronny Jackson!
Catch a break? They want this type of representation. Pill popping, flag worshipping, misogyny, and vulgarianism are prerequisites for republican leadership. More than half of the Texan voting population thinks these are virtues required for vanguards of "freedom". 

If you ain't allowed to shoot, pollute, and dog whistle racist hoots then you're technically not free.
You literally said in your previous comment that "There was a company working on a male birth control pill.  It was mostly women who against it."  You said mostly women were against it and that's all I was responding to. lol.
"alanis morissette jagged little pill"....  you are right but sadly I swallow it for now by telling myself, better than the alternative universes where trump is still president or where biden is president but with a republican senate majority.  It is all relative.
That does look promising, though! And with less severe side effects. The pill that made headlines a couple years back had problems including severe mood swings and a participant attempted suicide unfortunately. 75% of the participants wanted to continue but the researchers decided it was too risky. 

Will be interesting to see how the gel does when the trial in Sacramento finishes next year.

Also, in covid times, news from last June can easily feel like it was a couple weeks ago. What is time, anyway?
&gt;and I can't help but wonder if anyone is working on birth control for men

For years now.  Fuck, India has a procedure called RISUG that's two injections (one in each vas - the tubes that connect the testicles to the rest of the reproductive system) that makes one infertile for at least a decade but can be reversed by another pair of injections at any time.  It's in phase IIi trials there.

A similar product called Vasalgel based on the same principle (but a different formula) has been in development and trials in the US since 2010.  There's no political will to expedite the process like there was with the Pill or with Addyi (and I'm grateful for that, Addyi was a mistake that was obviously a mistake and was pushed through by a combination of political agitation and faux-grassroots marketing - better to properly vet Vasalgel than regret it later).
Condoms are less effective than the pill, with perfect use. And with typical use, they are much less effective at preventing pregnancy.

I use an IUD, because I had bad side effects with the pill. But I also use condoms with every partner aside from my fluid-bonded partner (I'm poly), to prevent STIs, and I get tested at least once a year, more often if I'm being active with new partners (and I don't have sex with people who don't take their own sexual health seriously).
You took the blue pill
So person was being a person? I’m thirty now and do you know who I find odd? The people that preach sobriety, they are the impatient ones they are the ones with the violent outbursts they are the ones with broken marriages. Like yeah crack heads are gonna crack head, but a dude hitting on women drinking wine and and popping pills, ambien of all things. There was an active pill trade in my old jobs management class “hey you got any Percocet I’ll trade you some xanex.” Addicts are predictable sober people scare me. Yeah the guy snorting crack with two gay prostitutes and a third dead on the bathroom floor probably shouldn’t be in a position of power. But the guy drinking wine beating his meat and passing out at night is harmless. How long until the morality police takes it to far? They tried and failed prohibition they put a dozen hoops in front of weed. Don’t get me started on sex, they want to decide who, when and how they’d even demonize you for jerking it if they could.
Subjects reported suicidal thoughts, one subject actually died by suicide plus another lost his ability to have children due to the study. This is not from prolonged, extended use, this was all during the course of the phase 2 trial.

The dropout ratio in the men's study was actually lower than the dropout ratio for some of the women's studies, despite the men's study being repeat injections. The decision to stop the survey was made on their behalf by a panel of scientists whose job was to ensure that the safety of the participants was the utmost concern.

&gt; One study isn't the end all be all, but women have had to put up with these side effects for decades while there still isn't anything widely available for men. I think it's fair to call that into question.

The contraceptive pill available today is only available because the previous drugs were used by the mainstream despite their danger. That they were made available is largely an issue of chronology, laxer regulation on medication in the past allowed them to reach market. If the pill from 1960 were developed today it would not reach market in that state.

Inside every birth control pill pack there is a warning to consult your physician if you experience severe mood swings while taking them, they are *not* supposed to be your standard outcome when you use the pill. The problem with the male birth control shots was that severe mood swings did come up a lot in the outcomes:

&gt; The frequencies of mild to moderate mood disorders were relatively high.
There was news a couple weeks back of a reversible pill that you can take, but I didn't read in depth about it.
Hormonal birth control (the pill), when taken correctly, is over 99% effective at preventing pregnancy. This is higher than condoms, although you should use both because birth control doesn’t protect against STIs.

Some women also take birth control for other reasons, such as reducing menstrual cramps, controlling acne or preventing migraines etc.
This THE BILL that needs to be passed though. If they can't even pressure him to vote for a pill with 70% favorability what do we expect them to vote for? Senator's like Manchin and Sinema are allowed to balk to other legislation when it doesn't matter as much because they're expected to do their fucking job on the massively important bills that define that legislative session.

You bury them in that, put that in the heads of every West Virginian and Arizonan. Joe Manchin &amp; Krysten Sinema don't believe you deserve $15 minimum wage. Pressure them, let them decide between their bullshit excuses and getting pummeled on the national stage.

What other legislation do you anticipate getting through when the Senate is split 50/50? It's plainly clear that there will be zero Republican aisle crossing on anything. It doesn't matter how widely popular the bill is.
As a gay guy I'm not really caught up on birth control but isn't that what condoms are for? Legit question since I've never really had to worry about my butt getting pregnant, what does the pill do that a condom doesn't? Is it an insurance against it kind of thing?
There was a company working on a male birth control pill.

It was mostly women who against it. I don't know what happened to it in the end, unfortunately. 

It is also more women than men who are anti-abortion, as far as the actual voting public goes, though.
The Rs blame the upcoming [2045](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/the-avenue/2018/03/14/the-us-will-become-minority-white-in-2045-census-projects/) apocalypse on the LGBT creating baby-less relationships and big pharma for the pill...
Heard immunity has been here for a while look at the stats learn how to read stats. And read the book how to lie through stats. This is just the most insane time of all time and you understand that most people are zombies being told what to do and want to be afraid of. They have not taken the red pill and I’m not ready for mass psychological warfare which this COVID-19. How about it protect your family and you’re right to make a living and go back to normal.
&gt;The bill also requires candidates for President and Vice President to submit 10 years of tax returns.

What does that have to do with voting rights? It looks like a poison pill.
Insert it right below the Murrah Building.  It’s a bitter pill, but you should swallow it.  These fucks are dangerous.
The fact that they're not the pulverized remnants of his other unsold products pressed into a pill already exceeded my expectations.
don't worry i'm on the pill
I've been pretty clear.  This isn't black and white like many people seem to think when they comment here.  Politics requires an appreciation for nuance.

1) His position on minimum wage (as well as other issues) flat-out sucks.

2) By all means we should try to change his mind and lobby him to have less shitty positions.

3) Talk of him being a DINO or wanting to get rid of him by primarying him to the left is beyond stupid, and worse, not at all constructive.

4) Above all else, Manchin is incredibly important to getting anything done in that he gets Democrats closer to the majority.

But, damn dude.  Take a chill pill.  We probably agree on 97% of things - not that a little comity isn't nice for those you disagree with too.
is Biden calling the 15 min wage a poison pill?
&gt;He isn't going to destroy the US economy because it's 3 dollars higher than he wanted.

If Democrats force a poison pill into the bill, it would be them that destroyed the US economy, not Manchin.

And as popular as the minimum wage hike may be nationally, that does not change Manchin's position on it.
Poison Pill just means something that will tank a bill. Not a commentary on whether it’s good policy
[https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/gerrymandering](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/gerrymandering)

The definition is literally right there. The pill that the Senate is heavily gerrymandered seems a lot harder for you to swallow than it should be.
It's as simple as giving individual states the option to opt out of the $15 min wage.  Make McConnell and Manchin put their careers on the line.  Because I bet that when everyone else is getting raises, that the people of Kentucky and West Virginia are gonna be pretty pissed off.  In contract negotiations, it's called a poison pill.
I don't think we should even have a minimum wage, we should just have robust unionization and workers' rights laws. 

That will never happen, so this is better than nothing -- but you aren't getting re-elected if you're a Democrat who votes for this in a red state unless there are provisions to protect small businesses who will be impacted by this. More economic benefit will come from this, but 1.5mm+ jobs will be lost. 

It obviously seems like a no brainer nationally, because it is. But the reality is that this measure was added to the bill as a poison pill, Democrats will remove it, and Republicans can parrot that they got rid of a "devastating" provision.

Most folks vote for their own self interest, what's some rural business owner care about the overall business conditions of the country? They likely should care, but I'd bet many folks are too busy to care, or frankly just don't give a Doug Dimmadamn.

Why do we never talk about a maximum wage cap on the richest among us? This whole process is so predictable and I feel bad for everyone thinking progressives control the Democratic party. They don't, and we likely lost that change for some time when we didn't get Bernie in 2016.
The poison pill that is overwhelming popular, even a majority of Republicans support it...
The Democrats should start adding amendments to it till its a poison pill for Republicans to vote on it
I know, I know from which viewpoint you come.

But, we can't do the job! American policy is sooo fucked up and skewed, hence we are biased and highly ineffective.

Israel won't be in danger because of their German designed superior Submarines, the Air Force is handled by highly skilled Generals, etc.

In terms of Human Rights violations, YES, we will have to swallow that poison pill! If Saudi Arabia isn't stopped it will become extremely religious. It already is, but it could become much, much worse.
That’s a terrible idea in terms of being practical and a great idea in terms of passing costs off of consumers (to an extent).

The downsides: it discourages hiring, period. It shouldn’t, since ostensibly that means hiring people into a job at a rate that precludes them from qualifying for federal aid BUT whether you qualify for SNAP benefits varies from state to state, requirements can be waived based on individual cases, and there’s not an easy sliding scale for that - it depends on lots of individual factors when deciding eligibility.

It also promotes a very invasive review of your personal life from your workplace - to validate whether you are eligible for SNAP, the workplace would need to know a lot of sensitive information about your income and it’s sources AND you’d be required to update them at the same frequency (if not more) than the government requires SNAP eligible workers to update them on their income. The argument of passing that off to the government to coordinate is turning SNAP from a voluntary enrollment to a compulsory enrollment, and that’s a tough pill to swallow for a lot of folks. I don’t have a strong opinion on whether it should be mandatory enrollment or not, but that’s getting pretty close to a “Basic Income” argument.

Finally, finding the “sweet spot” of minimum employee #s or minimum revenue encourages a whole lot of understaffing (the former) or book-cooking (the latter).

I do love the idea though as a discussion starter! It’s one of the best outside the norm points I’ve seen in the discussion about TANF/SNAP and other aid!
Republicants are typical pill poppers and functional alcoholics (just ‘cus it’s expensive wine and your cellar was made by an expert Norwegian craftsman doesn’t make you less of a junkie fam)
Poison pill hand down from trump. Obviously there's been some back stage deal over this already made under the previous presidency. Biden is in the thank 
less position to keep the promised US policy or see the country change foot with a change of leadership.
Exactly! I believe this should be researched way better and more, I’m talking long term and bigger control groups. We still don’t know enough. 

I hate it when people make it sound like it’s so easy. Just have a surgery. Just take a PB pill and if you don’t like it, stop taking the pills and poof you’ll go back to your original sex. It’s. Not. That. Easy. Our brain isn’t fully developed till we are 25-30 years old. How do we not know something will have changed by then in your brain? Who takes responsibility if a person wants to change back by then or after that?

We don’t know enough. For example there is something called being “transracial”?
Have you got a magic pill for Joe Manchin?
I call bullshit. Pot smokers are a security issue but alcohol drinking and pill popping is perfectly fine.
So take the poison pill out of the bill.
This.

There are a lot of us who swallowed the horse sized pill that was voting for Biden. And now we expect that he, his administration and his party deliver on all the shit they talked about for the last year. 

A lot of people who voted for Biden aren't card carrying Democrats, and if the Democratic party reneges on their promises then they can expect those voters to stay home during the midterms. Midterms are already known for lower voter turnout, and giving people an excuse to not vote doesn't help the DNC. 

Pass some meaningful legislation, start to change Americans' lives and they'll keep showing up for you. 

A lot of folks are tired of being held hostage by the DNC with the, "Oh but the Republicans are so much worse, so you're stuck with us!" bullshit.
Why don't republicans hold a fuckin parade for their dead pill junkie instead of trying to cram him into public life, in which he never served.
Minimum wage not being in the stimulus bill is a good thing.  I'd rather it were brought up in a better way to hang around Republicans necks.  Forcing it into the stimulus just looks like Dems are throwing in a poison pill as an excuse for stimulus not getting passed.  
  
Also I think getting rid of the Parliamentarian is a horrible idea.  She has had mostly bipartisan praise for what... 12 years?  Then all of the sudden Dems boot her ass out because she ruled against them on something that didn't need to be shoehorned into the COVID stimulus?  Looks like immature retaliation, and would be horrible for optics for a party that barely holds the Senate and may be barely holding on to the House in 2022.
I would prefer cheques going out the door before allowing the other side their grandstanding.  That is a choice as well.   You don't have to instigate your toddler grandchildren into throwing a tantrum.     


By slapping the old minimum wage debate into the COVID bill, you are dangling ice cream cones six feet in front of toddlers while they are strapped into a high chair.  Grandma knows  that kid is going to freak out but she just can't get through her pill-addled mind that she's being cruel and that the resulting hysterics aren't a cute Instagram shot.
Take the VALIS pill
Tbf that's not the only thing that got us the 6-3 conservative court, a lot of progressives choosing not to vote in 2016 because their candidate didn't win the primary also took us at least the last leg to that milestone. It's a hard pill to swallow but it's true.
Yeah, that’s the bitter pill about democracy. Splitting is never good for the ‘mother party’, even more so if actual parties split over policy. One can only hope for a visible split of the Republican Party. It’ll help her in Alaska collect the moderate vote and help an opponent of her that is also moderate and leave the extremists to the borders.
How about not putting it into a critical bill (as a poison pill) that will help millions more Americans?  It’s not like the $15 will go into effect tomorrow as it’s being rolled out over year’s time?
I don't think there's anything wrong with asking for clarity, but I think a lot of that clarity is found directly in the article and by watching the video so it's hard to tell if you're just being a dick or not.

A few things:

- She isn't an elected official and is not actively seeking election to anything, this is a confirmation for a specifically unelected position

- Paul doesn't really have any good points, he's using rhetorical tricks to overwhelm and sound correct without actually saying anything of substance

- I don't know anyone on the left who's walking around advocating for the mutilation of children's genitals. Things like puberty blockers literally exist as a tool to stop children from seeking more permanent options so that they have time to better understand themselves prior to puberty making irrevocable changes to their bodies. Disgusting human trash like Rand Paul take things like puberty blockers and sex changing surgery and lump them into the same entity to confuse, simplify, and demonize multiple different topics into one easy to hate lie that can be used as a dogwhistle or easy to swallow pill for his base.
Which will probably be a poison pill causing this bill to not pass.
I think that's why it's there. They'll cave and bring it back in another bill. I could be wrong, but it sees like in the last 3-4 weeks, all of the focus has shifted to the minimum wage part of the bill with practically none on the income thresholds for the stimulus payments. I think that's by design. 

Basically, a few Dems need some "meat" for the moron caucus that actually votes for them, and they're being given that meat as cover to let the rest of the bill sail through nearly unscathed. 

I'm all for this and agree, the other stuff is gonna be kicked down a bit so as to not swallow the whole progressive pill at once. 

Again, if Manchin and/or Sinema still bring up the income thresholds, then I am WAYYYY off, but I doubt that they will. There'll be a dog and pony show in the Senate re: the minimum wage section, it'll still pass in part, and it'll get an amendment down the road. Stimulus passes on a party line vote. 

I would not, however, rule out a last minute Republican Senator voting for it... it'd be Romney, if anyone, in an effort to get some bi-partisan cred and to win Dem support for a bill of his own.
I'd agree if that wasn't the minimum needed to live in this country without government assistance. So, either make things cheaper or pay people enough to live. Getting caught up turning on people hovering above poverty, and shortsightedness is why you're opinion is unpopular. Not because it's some hard to swallow pill of truth.
The argument isn't about generally providing equal rights. Polls show that the vast majority of Americans, including Republicans and even MTG supports equal rights for trans.

The issue with the bill is that opponents are focused on what they believe to be a poison pill. The rational is as follows:

The Supreme Court already upheld that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act already protects Trans for discrimination in employment.

The Equal Rights Act wants to extend those protections beyond employment to include discrimination protections in housing, public accommodations, public education, federal funding, credit, and jury service.

When it comes to housing, federal funding, credit and jury service no one has any problems with the bill. The issue is with the language around public accommodations and public education. Specifically the use of public restrooms, prison accommodations sports etc.

Polls show on these topics that majority of Americans are against them, particularly because they encroach on spaces designated for biological women and because it removes biological sex as a determining factor and places gender as the determining factor.
But gender identification is strictly individual, fluid (it can change at any time based on the individuals desire) and there is no objective measure to validate the claim. This leaves the door wide open for exploitation of the law...with no recourse at all for such exploitation.

But few people really dig into the details enough. Parroting Equal Rights is much easier and helps people to feel moral about the topic.

The world is full of dangerous and amoral people who will have no problem exploiting these protections and the subsequent rules derived by them.

No one is concerned about the danger posed by a legitimate trans woman going to a women's prison or into a women's restroom. But since there is no way to validate the legitimacy of the claim, it is wide open to predators, criminals etc. It will only take a few publicized events of criminal exploitation to create a panic among the population and the legitimate trans community will suffer the consequences.

But no one seems to care enough to think about those things on the left. And anyone who points this out is labeled an auto-bigot.
And by birth control you mean the pill? Yes, let’s fuck up women’s hormones indefinitely because a man might have reduced fertility from a vasectomy 🙄
To think that the USA was founded on the principles of Democracy sets aside what had to happen to get all the states to "sign-on". Without the ability for state legislators to make their own choice for Federal positions *in spite* of the will of the electors was the pill that needed to be swallowed...
One of the problems Democrats have is the wasting of too much time on things like the confederate statues etc.I am not implying that I support the statues,or confederate names on military bases.However,If you are going to put a poison pill in legislation or spend significant time/money on a policy,I would prefer they renew the ban on assault rifles.How about campaign finances.I don’t think any American that isn’t a member of a Congress or a Super Pac likes the current system.When that Republican wanted to push the saying of the pledge of allegiance before congressional meetings,Democrats should have said fine, BUT,here is what we want in return.Instead,they used it as another excuse to have a twitter war.
I wish we could raise the flags another couple of feet and shoot off fireworks to celebrate that evil fucks demise. 


He was truly one of the most hate filled men to walk this earth and he spent his days encouraging others to be the very worst versions of themselves. Few people spend their entire lives being as opposite to Jesus Christ as that dude. And he was a fucking Christian. A xenophobic, hate filled, fear mongering, bigoted pill popping adulterous Christian.
I'm pro trans, but as much as I detest the ADF, the Connecticut policy specifically (and a few similar states) is terrible.    
      
Here is my usual take on the broader subject:     
Sadly, this subject always ends up being a clusterfuck. On one side, we have transphobic bigots, who pretend to care about women's sports just long enough to have an excuse to bash trans people.  Their objections are primarily cultural, and not in fact based in caring about athletic fairness.  If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.      
      
On the other hand, there are a LOT of very well meaning but naive people who are very ignorant about the impact of the athletic traits of being male or female, and how massive an advantage male athletes have over female athletes post puberty.     
     
And then reasonable voices who are pro trans right and acceptance, but also trying to keep athletic fairness in mind in a difficult and nuanced subject, just get steamrolled by nonsense.      
       
Just to be clear, I'm speaking as a generally liberal, generally pro trans person.  Who actually cares about women's sports.  And while I don't claim to be a super expert, I've coached male and female athletes on reasonably high levels, both high school and college.  I've also had the rare experiences of being a male athlete and competing in reasonably serious scrimmages with female college athletes.       
    
So here is my nuanced take:        
___________         
        
The first things that's important to realize is that we segregate athletics based on sex, not based on gender.  This isn't a bachelor party, or girls night out.  It isn't separated based on social gender roles.  If male athletes and female athletes were athletically equal, we wouldn't even have separate sports, it would all just be co-ed.  So even saying "girls sports" or "womens sports" is arguably an inaccurate term, left over from days when nobody commonly drew a distinction between sex and gender.  It's really more accurate to call them female sports.  So your gender identity isn't really directly relevant.  Saying "transgirls are girls, end of discussion," misses the entire point of why we separate sports.         
      
Now, that being said, I really sympathize with people in this situation. It’s easy to logically say “well we only segregate sports for reasons of sex, not gender, so telling a pre transition trans woman they have to keep participating with the males is not a rejection of their gender identity.” And I do believe that is logically 100% true.  You can acknowledge them as a girl / women, but still athletically sort them as a male athlete.      
     
But at the same time, I understand how to a pre or early transition trans girl teenager going through the potentially incredibly stressful and difficult situation of being trans, being told that you have to keep competing with the boys has social ramifications, and understandably feels like a rejection of their gender identity. I think it’s terrible that we can’t do some sci-fi shit where we perform perfect sex change operations in every way (for those who choose it).  **And if standards related to HRT or something can make it fair, then I support their inclusion.**     
      
Of course whether that is possible, and if so what those standards should be, is controversial and hotly debated, but i think it's important that we fully investigate the issue to see if there is a fair way to include transgirls with their preferred gender.  As long as we can do it in a reasonably athletically fair way, I think it's important for their personal and social development, which is of course one of the reasons high school sports exist.      
       
And it's worth noting that if a pre-transition transboy / transman chose to keep competing in female athletics, because they realized that was what was athletically fair for them, we wouldn't force him to play male athletics at a massive physical disadvantage, right?  
    
______________   
       
That being said, part of the reasons conservatives are trying so hard to use this is a wedge issue is that in some states, the rules really are crazy.  Crazy in the sense that even people who are far from being transphobic bigots realize they are nonsense.  In a number of states, like Connecticut, sports participation is ENTIRELY based on gender identity.  What that means is that transgirl / transwomen athletes who haven't done any sort of HRT or transition or anything, and are still athletically speaking male athletes, can participate in female sports.  I know the term "male athletes" (they are girls / women, but for all athletic purposes still male), can come off as a bit insensitive, but that really is the reality of what the rules permit.  And to anybody who actually knows just how big male athletic advantage is, that's grossly unfair.    
     
Like, I'm a liberal (on most issues), pro trans, and an atheist.  And the ADF (alliance defending freedom) is on the side of the lawsuit suing over those policies.  And while I think the ADF are bigoted assholes, I agree with them on this particular policy.  Now some people will just say I'm also a bigot, but I prefer to think "how badly is a rule written that somebody like me reluctantly agrees with the ADF?"     
       
Sadly, we are in a nuance free world where you either have to hate all trans people, or want completely unlimited participation with absolutely no restrictions or standards or thresholds of any kind.  The first stance is morally bad, and the second is outrageously unfair to cisgender female athletes.  **There has to be an attempt at some sort of reasonably middle ground, that tries to be as socially inclusive as possible, while still allowing for some decent level of athletic fairness.**
I'm pro trans, but as much as I detest the ADF, the Connecticut policy specifically (and a few similar states) is terrible.    
      
Here is my usual take on the broader subject:     
Sadly, this subject always ends up being a clusterfuck. On one side, we have transphobic bigots, who pretend to care about women's sports just long enough to have an excuse to bash trans people.  Their objections are primarily cultural, and not in fact based in caring about athletic fairness.  If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.      
      
On the other hand, there are a LOT of very well meaning but naive people who are very ignorant about the impact of the athletic traits of being male or female, and how massive an advantage male athletes have over female athletes post puberty.     
     
And then reasonable voices who are pro trans right and acceptance, but also trying to keep athletic fairness in mind in a difficult and nuanced subject, just get steamrolled by nonsense.      
       
Just to be clear, I'm speaking as a generally liberal, generally pro trans person.  Who actually cares about women's sports.  And while I don't claim to be a super expert, I've coached male and female athletes on reasonably high levels, both high school and college.  I've also had the rare experiences of being a male athlete and competing in reasonably serious scrimmages with female college athletes.       
    
So here is my nuanced take:        
___________         
        
The first things that's important to realize is that we segregate athletics based on sex, not based on gender.  This isn't a bachelor party, or girls night out.  It isn't separated based on social gender roles.  If male athletes and female athletes were athletically equal, we wouldn't even have separate sports, it would all just be co-ed.  So even saying "girls sports" or "womens sports" is arguably an inaccurate term, left over from days when nobody commonly drew a distinction between sex and gender.  It's really more accurate to call them female sports.  So your gender identity isn't really directly relevant.  Saying "transgirls are girls, end of discussion," misses the entire point of why we separate sports.         
      
Now, that being said, I really sympathize with people in this situation. It’s easy to logically say “well we only segregate sports for reasons of sex, not gender, so telling a pre transition trans woman they have to keep participating with the males is not a rejection of their gender identity.” And I do believe that is logically 100% true.  You can acknowledge them as a girl / women, but still athletically sort them as a male athlete.      
     
But at the same time, I understand how to a pre or early transition trans girl teenager going through the potentially incredibly stressful and difficult situation of being trans, being told that you have to keep competing with the boys has social ramifications, and understandably feels like a rejection of their gender identity. I think it’s terrible that we can’t do some sci-fi shit where we perform perfect sex change operations in every way (for those who choose it).  **And if standards related to HRT or something can make it fair, then I support their inclusion.**     
      
Of course whether that is possible, and if so what those standards should be, is controversial and hotly debated, but i think it's important that we fully investigate the issue to see if there is a fair way to include transgirls with their preferred gender.  As long as we can do it in a reasonably athletically fair way, I think it's important for their personal and social development, which is of course one of the reasons high school sports exist.      
       
And it's worth noting that if a pre-transition transboy / transman chose to keep competing in female athletics, because they realized that was what was athletically fair for them, we wouldn't force him to play male athletics at a massive physical disadvantage, right?  
    
______________   
       
That being said, part of the reasons conservatives are trying so hard to use this is a wedge issue is that in some states, the rules really are crazy.  Crazy in the sense that even people who are far from being transphobic bigots realize they are nonsense.  In a number of states, like Connecticut, sports participation is ENTIRELY based on gender identity.  What that means is that transgirl / transwomen athletes who haven't done any sort of HRT or transition or anything, and are still athletically speaking male athletes, can participate in female sports.  I know the term "male athletes" (they are girls / women, but for all athletic purposes still male), can come off as a bit insensitive, but that really is the reality of what the rules permit.  And to anybody who actually knows just how big male athletic advantage is, that's grossly unfair.    
     
Like, I'm a liberal (on most issues), pro trans, and an atheist.  And the ADF (alliance defending freedom) is on the side of the lawsuit suing over those policies.  And while I think the ADF are bigoted assholes, I agree with them on this particular policy.  Now some people will just say I'm also a bigot, but I prefer to think "how badly is a rule written that somebody like me reluctantly agrees with the ADF?"     
       
Sadly, we are in a nuance free world where you either have to hate all trans people, or want completely unlimited participation with absolutely no restrictions or standards or thresholds of any kind.  The first stance is morally bad, and the second is outrageously unfair to cisgender female athletes.  **There has to be an attempt at some sort of reasonably middle ground, that tries to be as socially inclusive as possible, while still allowing for some decent level of athletic fairness.**
I'm pro trans, but as much as I detest the ADF, the Connecticut policy specifically (and a few similar states) is terrible.    
      
Here is my usual take on the broader subject:     
Sadly, this subject always ends up being a clusterfuck. On one side, we have transphobic bigots, who pretend to care about women's sports just long enough to have an excuse to bash trans people.  Their objections are primarily cultural, and not in fact based in caring about athletic fairness.  If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.      
      
On the other hand, there are a LOT of very well meaning but naive people who are very ignorant about the impact of the athletic traits of being male or female, and how massive an advantage male athletes have over female athletes post puberty.     
     
And then reasonable voices who are pro trans right and acceptance, but also trying to keep athletic fairness in mind in a difficult and nuanced subject, just get steamrolled by nonsense.      
       
Just to be clear, I'm speaking as a generally liberal, generally pro trans person.  Who actually cares about women's sports.  And while I don't claim to be a super expert, I've coached male and female athletes on reasonably high levels, both high school and college.  I've also had the rare experiences of being a male athlete and competing in reasonably serious scrimmages with female college athletes.       
    
So here is my nuanced take:        
___________         
        
The first things that's important to realize is that we segregate athletics based on sex, not based on gender.  This isn't a bachelor party, or girls night out.  It isn't separated based on social gender roles.  If male athletes and female athletes were athletically equal, we wouldn't even have separate sports, it would all just be co-ed.  So even saying "girls sports" or "womens sports" is arguably an inaccurate term, left over from days when nobody commonly drew a distinction between sex and gender.  It's really more accurate to call them female sports.  So your gender identity isn't really directly relevant.  Saying "transgirls are girls, end of discussion," misses the entire point of why we separate sports.         
      
Now, that being said, I really sympathize with people in this situation. It’s easy to logically say “well we only segregate sports for reasons of sex, not gender, so telling a pre transition trans woman they have to keep participating with the males is not a rejection of their gender identity.” And I do believe that is logically 100% true.  You can acknowledge them as a girl / women, but still athletically sort them as a male athlete.      
     
But at the same time, I understand how to a pre or early transition trans girl teenager going through the potentially incredibly stressful and difficult situation of being trans, being told that you have to keep competing with the boys has social ramifications, and understandably feels like a rejection of their gender identity. I think it’s terrible that we can’t do some sci-fi shit where we perform perfect sex change operations in every way (for those who choose it).  **And if standards related to HRT or something can make it fair, then I support their inclusion.**     
      
Of course whether that is possible, and if so what those standards should be, is controversial and hotly debated, but i think it's important that we fully investigate the issue to see if there is a fair way to include transgirls with their preferred gender.  As long as we can do it in a reasonably athletically fair way, I think it's important for their personal and social development, which is of course one of the reasons high school sports exist.      
       
And it's worth noting that if a pre-transition transboy / transman chose to keep competing in female athletics, because they realized that was what was athletically fair for them, we wouldn't force him to play male athletics at a massive physical disadvantage, right?  
    
______________   
       
That being said, part of the reasons conservatives are trying so hard to use this is a wedge issue is that in some states, the rules really are crazy.  Crazy in the sense that even people who are far from being transphobic bigots realize they are nonsense.  In a number of states, like Connecticut, sports participation is ENTIRELY based on gender identity.  What that means is that transgirl / transwomen athletes who haven't done any sort of HRT or transition or anything, and are still athletically speaking male athletes, can participate in female sports.  I know the term "male athletes" (they are girls / women, but for all athletic purposes still male), can come off as a bit insensitive, but that really is the reality of what the rules permit.  And to anybody who actually knows just how big male athletic advantage is, that's grossly unfair.    
     
Like, I'm a liberal (on most issues), pro trans, and an atheist.  And the ADF (alliance defending freedom) is on the side of the lawsuit suing over those policies.  And while I think the ADF are bigoted assholes, I agree with them on this particular policy.  Now some people will just say I'm also a bigot, but I prefer to think "how badly is a rule written that somebody like me reluctantly agrees with the ADF?"     
       
Sadly, we are in a nuance free world where you either have to hate all trans people, or want completely unlimited participation with absolutely no restrictions or standards or thresholds of any kind.  The first stance is morally bad, and the second is outrageously unfair to cisgender female athletes.  **There has to be an attempt at some sort of reasonably middle ground, that tries to be as socially inclusive as possible, while still allowing for some decent level of athletic fairness.**
You are right.  People here love to shit on Manchin, and most of the time he deserves it.  But the fact of the matter is, Manchin is the only Dem to win WV.  Dems need his party affiliation to maintain Senate control.  Manchin has shown he can win WV, and no other Dem candidate has shown this, as Manchin still wins Dem primaries by wide margins.  It's a bitter pill that needs to be swallowed.
That costs money and makes the democrats look good. The republicans will block the proposal by throwing in a poison pill that makes it so that only schools in rich neighborhoods get built and that green energy must be sold in a way that they always lose to big oil. This way if you pass it you're an elitist, if you don't pass it you're hurting the working class. If it does pass and the nice neighborhoods have nice schools and the poor minorities have bad schools that cost a ton to upkeep, the republicans can make excuses for why we shouldn't fix the poor schools. This happened in the 60's  and they used bussing to integrate people and to even out the schooling which made a lot of conservatives talk about a civil war to genocide black people (this is the Turner Diaries and the rise of new white nationalists groups). 

The GOP will never stand for minorities to be treated as equal and they will 100% sell out everyone not rich to make sure it happens.
Except they introduced it as part of a packaged, poison pill to Republicans with immigration reform to the full Senate before "realizing" it was doomed and going the reconciliation route.

If they were actually serious on it they would have introduced it as a stand-alone bill to the full Senate where it may have actually had some Republican support (Hawley and Rubio come to mind immediately) or just gone straight to reconciliation. Biden was literally running around GA repeatedly and publicly stating that if Warnock and Purdue won their Senate seats they'd get "$2k checks" not $1400, and that they were go out "'immediately."
I doubt you watched the Stop the Steal insurrection on Jan 6th. Instead you saw small clips on right wing media that made out to be either anti-fa or no big deal. An easier pill to swallow than facing the truth that the majority of your fellow Republicans would be fine with murdering Democrats and installing a corporate theocracy.
Oh hey let's bundle covid relief with the most controversial parts of the platform so it doesn't pas. Then we can just shrug when the checks never go out. Same poison pill bullshit as always.
Newsflash: No level of government just gets to decide to take control of some sector of society, the economy, or the environment. There is LOTS of precedent law that says the government needs to stay out of stuff that the constitution has not specifically granted it the authority to control. Now, having said that, it is the nature of government to want to stick their noses into things that are none of their business, but for lots of different reasons (much like the way that the government has tried to insert itself into productivity, by trying to control access to abortion, and even the day after pill). So when a sector of the marketplace succeeds in fighting off government intrusion, and then fails, you can't say that it was the fault of the government (or certain politicians). If people demand the right to drink alcohol, and then kill themselves by driving drunk, would you blam "certain politicians" for that? You have to be able to understand the reasons ERCOT made the decisions it did, and in order to understand, you have to know the cost that the Feds were trying to exact by being connected to the national grid. I don't know either of those things, and based on your arguments, I'll bet you don't either.
Haha yeah haha boy you said it haha who cares if the people elected to the most powerful jobs in the country just fuck around and don’t do shit haha it’s like jeez people just take a chill pill haha
waste water from agriculture like dairy industries and soy farming and/or fertilizer also contribute to and are major sources of estrogen in ground water. American Chemical Society. (2011, February 15). Don't blame the pill for estrogen in drinking water. ScienceDaily. Retrieved February 22, 2021 from www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/12/101208125813.htm
He got a medal of “freedom” from whom may I ask? Dont say trump cause Ill phuckin scream. And ppl wanna lower the flag for that piece of hateful pill popping shit?    Hell naw.
maybe they could compromise?  like maybe just lower the flags at all the pharmaceuticals in florida, who are losing big money since their biggest pain-pill-popping customer bought the farm?
Mocked drug addicts while being a full time pill-popper himself.
Look, it's EASY to get the $15 min wage passed.  Make it a stand alone bill and you just give individual states the option to not participate. Suddenly the people of Kentucky and West Virginia are gonna be pretty pissed off when the rest of the country is getting a raise, and they aren't.  It's called a Poison Pill, people!  Or hell, just add it into this bill.  You gotta force the GQP and Blue Dogs to make a real decision about their political future. 

Goddammit Democrats!  You won, you have all 3 Houses of legislative power in America.  Fucking act like it.
Dude. My mom is the same way. I had a little bit of a pill problem years ago. My wife called my mom to talk to her about it. Mom blamed my wife for being a terrible wife who drove me to escape my shitty marriage by using pills. Uh no man. I used to party and shit got away from me. And wife was legitimately trying to figure out how to help. Anyhoo. Am currently clean. And reading a lot about toxic narcissist mothers.
I posted a comment with this same sentiment weeks ago. At this point Manchin is really just playing a convenient heel for the DNC. You're honestly telling me that there is nothing party leaders can offer the likes of Manchin and Sinema to get them to vote for this reconciliation package? That they care about $4 more than they care about everything else, that that is their poison pill?
Manchin is a poison pill. We think we need him, but all he does is give good PR to the republicans about how Democrats can't get anything done. Democratic voters are different from republicans. The actions of one Democrat get blamed on all and then they don't get out to vote. Republicans don't blame the party as a whole when specific members break ranks. They still vote the same as before.

By keeping extremely conservative members in the party, you're losing votes across the entire democratic voter base. We need unity in the party in order to gain a true majority. If we didn't have manchin, we would most likely be energized to fully take the house in 2022.
I think the minimum wage should be raised to $15, but its not a magic pill.  Its one factor of many.  This will help, but don't blow what it will do out of proportion.

It will be a mixed bag overall with more positives than negatives, but there are negatives to raising it and it doesn't cure anything, it only treats one symptom.

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2021/02/08/minimum-wage-hike-15-an-hour-by-2025-would-result-14-million-unemployed-nonpartisan-congressional-budget-office-says/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2021/02/08/minimum-wage-hike-15-an-hour-by-2025-would-result-14-million-unemployed-nonpartisan-congressional-budget-office-says/)
right, it's actually the _viewers_ who forbid it.

it's not like media is some magical pill people just buy.
It seems that nobody really gives a shit about what AOC wants. Her life the last 4 years has been one massive stress pill. From slander to death threats, she almost didn’t run a second time. Stop espousing a possible president Cortez until she expresses interest herself. There’s already enough pressure on her as it is.
&gt; He said this before he became a junkie of course:

yeah it's been hi-fecken-larious for the whole **Pill Popper** thing to fly out the window last week, when all the talk radio fucknuts fell all over themselves to fellate Limbaugh's rancid corpse
Conservatives have always seemed to be particularly against marijuana. For a bunch of beer-swilling, pill-popping meth heads, they really go out of their way to demonize weed and block financially beneficial legislation to legalize it.
no republican is genuine with any questions because they only care about how what they say, and the responses they get, are fashioned into a barfy pill and shoved down fox news viewers' throats
Dear god. Nothing has changed. It’s just “shithole countries” talk, but behind closed doors. These are truly terrible people. I feel like Neo taking the red pill (not in the incel misogynist way that reference has been co-opted).
Rush Limbaugh was caught pill shopping after ranting on the air for years that drug addicts are the scum of the earth.

You think any of his fans remember that or care?

That's what I do whenever someone points out something Joe Biden did wrong. I just say "you wouldn't care if Trump said that. Why should I care if Biden did?"
I'm not defending that behavior... I find it abhorrent also. I just find it difficult to swallow the "all companies are evil" pill, considering the vast majority of companies that exist are commonly labeled "small businesses" and absolutely do not get bailouts and are constantly going out of business.
Better than who? Joe Biden is president so we shouldn't have to worry about him nominating some far right lunatic, and we can do a helluva lot better than Neera fucking Tanden. 

It's not a purity test to want to see a pill-popping, twitter-baiting shill for private healthcare and US imperialism crash &amp; burn so spectacularly, and in the most ironic way possible.
Their voters will do what Fox News and friends tell them to do. Fox and GOP are in lockstep.

This may be the largest cognitive dissonance pill their minions may have to swallow...until they have to believe that the special counsel redactions are a lie.
Maybe Ted can put some water in his car to make that pill easier to swallow
Antifa does not practice fascism. Sorry you’re so sucked into the delusion that practicing being oppressive and authoritarian to fight oppression and authoritarianism is anti fascist but it’s not, that’s about as stupid as fighting racism with racism, it just grows the racism doesn’t fight it. But don’t worry, I understand that when there are ideologues they can’t be convinced of taking the red pill. Can’t convince Trump fanboys I don’t expect to convince millennial SJW type Antifa either.
Not quite perfect. There's still the filibuster in the Senate. But yeah otherwise, that neo liberal poison pill the Dems swallowed in the 90's is still going strong.
Damn, I moved about five years ago from Huntington. It was all fentanyl and heroin when I left, which had transitioned from crack in the mid 2000s. I guess with the oxycontin pill mills being finally shut down, opens the market for more stimulants.

When I bounced, you couldn't walk a block in downtown Huntington without seeing multiple needles. I still miss all my homies,  but don't know if I'll ever visit again, at least not Charleston area.
No, the line is clear. We ARE considering human a person that cannot live without life support ( all those people on ventilators ARE humans) 

The morning after pill prevents fertilization. Maybe one day we will be able to make a human from  unfertilized egg and grow it in synthetic womb, and if that human will not need another human body, it should be let to live. I see no problem with this concept but I let future generations of humans to figure out what to do in this scenario.
I really don't get why people keep hanging on to this belief that the main reason Hillary wasn't president is that she was a woman. She was unfortunately incredibly unlikable. So much so that she lost to the biggest sack of garbage we've ever had the displeasure of "leading" us. The fact that 5 years later there is still no introspection by some people past "ShE lOsT cUz SeXisM…" is just super sad.  

At some point maybe this will change, but to do so people are going to need to start realizing that the Clinton's have been a poison pill to the Democratic party for well over a decade. Not just because of the right-wing media apparatus demonizing them, but because they actually did some super shady and very unpopular shit. Along with her being very cringey and uncharismatic she was just a really bad horse to bet on vs an incredibly charismatic demagogue.
There is no such thing as a "poison pill" when you're talking about something that has overwhelming support from your voters and ypu need zero votes from the opposition party.

He absolutely did refuse to cancel student debt.  Check your newsfeed.

Yes, Neera Tanden is a vile twitter troll.  She is an embarrassing pick.
Hasn’t abandoned $15, just didn’t “poison pill” the stimulus package with it. 

Hasn’t refuse cancelling student loan debt.  May not clear it all but still negotiating.

“Vile Twitter troll”?  After Trump you clearly have no fucking clue what those words even mean.
&gt; If it can continue living without women’s womb, it is a human

With or without medical intervention? If this is the line then with sufficiently advanced medical intervention even the morning after pill would have to be reconsidered. 

I don't think this line is as clear as you make out. I think it's the subject of much debate and personally I think we should revert to expert consensus rather than individual interpretation.
I've been saying the same stuff for over a decade. Even with an outrageous hypothetical like, the man wore a condemn even after confirming the woman was on the pill and yet the condom broke, pill didn't work (or she missed dosages/ect) -&gt; resulting in an unwanted pregnancy. 

There's so many people that are against the idea, no matter what. That a guy can take all the steps to express not wanting kids (okay, he shouldn't have had sex? Lol) and yet be forced for 18 years to pay into it is quite something. 

I get, given a "I don't want this kid, so I won't pay child support when/if they are born" option sounds awful, but all the power right now does feel like a hostage situation.
My state has on PP clinic that does the pill.  It shares an office building with 6 or 7 other firms that are completely unrelated.  I don't envy those workers.
so we're flying the flag at half mast for racist pill popping assholes now?
It's an easier pill to swallow knowing she raised millions before heading down there.
It's more like, let's take money from people who albeit were not slavers did thrive in a system where African Americans were excluded from and give it to people who suffered under racist policies and institutions. While many white Americans were able to generate wealth throughout generations, African Americans have been cut off on every corner. Leveling the playing field is a poison pill to democrats because most white people don't want people who have been oppressed to be able to rise to the same or higher level than they are.

Thats why it will hurt Democrats, because white people, most who vote Republicans, will find it unfair to put the starting line at the same level for everyone.
"kids wanted it" is a smaller and relatable pill for citizens to swallow. No matter how absurd, it was a good political damage control effort.

Too bad his wife's group chat got leaked exposing them
I am 100% behind lowering interest and don't understand why it's not being put forward as a first step. Out and out forgiveness is a harder pill to swallow, but dropping interest down so low it just covers the actual cost to service the loans is a no brainer.

I'm on the fence about forgiveness. Student debt can be crushing, but those who finish school with debt still have tremendous advantages over everyone without a degree.

I mean, say we passed a $15 minimum and $50k loan forgiveness. The min wage worker would have to work 6500 hours to see that same $50k benefit, and that's before taxes. Something about handing 40+ million people $50k while giving 80+ million people a small raise doesn't sit right with me.

I'd love to reform tuition and student lending and do more to get everyone an education without a huge debt load, but college graduates are already advantaged. That's why debt forgiveness feels like it's more a political move than it is righting a societal wrong.
I dont hate anyone, this gentleman made it seem like just because a gun was illegal it was not around, thats not the case clearly. I didn’t even use the word republican. Your over reacting, take a chill pill
I hear pill mills across Palm Beach are going to play taps.
Boomers had the pill.  As a result, smaller families became more normal....which was a Good Thing - but in terms of demographics, it meant Gen X was smaller than it would have been otherwise.
Pretty much. 

This is a really bitter pill to swallow for everyone who decided against college for financial reasons if it ever passes. And for parents who missed out on life's luxuries to save up and send their kids to college debt free. 

And there are less fortunate people in this country than college grads tbh.
He's redpilled: https://www.dailydot.com/debug/reddit-red-pill/
&gt; What are you even saying?

He's redpilled: https://www.dailydot.com/debug/reddit-red-pill/
If that minimum wage becomes a poison pill..... god help us
There is no stimulant pill that feels the same as coke.  If there were, I'd be doing it.  That's why people with access to prescriptions still use it.
He ate so many painkillers that he went partially deaf. That's not a man I wanna play pill popping chicken with!
The UK gives a lot of Ketamine for pain management too which doesn’t have the same addictive profile as opiates, even though they do still give diamorph or morphine IV for bad cases. 

But that wouldn’t work in the US because ketamine is seen as a street drug. We will stick to our horrible habit forming drugs like diladuid and oxy condone because THOSE come in a pill bottle. 

People fail to realize that they come from the same place, scored poppy pod sap / pure opium.



We finally got Ketamine treatment for major resistive depressive disorder and it’s shown remarkable success. So why does it have to be a last line treatment? Why can’t we start with that since it works and maybe avoid the two years worth of tapering up and down other antidepressants with a ridiculous side effects? Because that’s not the American Way^tm
I’m absolutely positive that the DEA watches that shit. If a doctor fills too many prescriptions you’re going to get a visit from the DEA. They really started cracking down after the opiate epidemic got bad because of the “pain clinics”, often called pill mills.
If you aren’t walking tall tonight, you should be. That was a large pill to swallow, and you took it in stride. A lot of respect for your comment here after your first one. Lotta integrity right here. Strong work
I appreciate you "taking the bait", however I don't want a discussion about these topics to be considered a trap. I wholeheartedly agree that going against the basic concepts is  unreasonable hence why I chose a very specific question. I do think that a reasonable person can hold both stances, which are "Women should have full autonomy over their bodies" AND "Late-term abortions should not be allowed" and you acknowledged that. 

The follow-up sentiment about things being "code" for something else and then fearing that allowing "restrictions" would lead to a slippery slope and so we have to fight for "all or nothing" policy is the bitter pill to swallow. I hear many people use the same logic when discussing topics like "free speech" and "gun control". Everyone is afraid to discuss the nuances in these topics for fear of "give them an inch and they'll take a mile" response from the opposition. This is the unhealthy state in our current national dialogue.

As for the second point, I concede completely given how I phrased that question, there really isn't a compelling counter-argument. So let me expand on it some. I have no problem with nationalized healthcare as long as it is not the only shop in town. Socialized healthcare has many pros and cons. There are plenty of canadian public figures who will attest to the cons. The most obvious pro is that accessibility to everyone. That's absolutely a no-brainer and it's shameful that we house the most billionaires in the same country that can't offer free healthcare to everyone. Socialized healthcare also works well for general medical issues, generic medications and perhaps emergency room wait times (however this may be region dependent). Where it falls short is in regards elective or specialized procedures. Those queue times are way longer than in the states. So what have canadians done? They come here for those specialized surgeries effectively exercising a multi-option healthcare solution. This is what I think should be implemented, a private and public option that would both cover the needs of the many, increase accessibility, and provide a market solution towards highly specialized procedures that require extensive training and medical debt for physicians to achieve. If you don't have this second piece, (market solution) then many highly specialized physicians will be priced out of sacrificing more years and incurring more debt in order to offer these services at a loss.

The other issue is that if you offer socialized healthcare overnight then you will have to do something about the economics of the situation (which is what most opposers really fight against). I am all for abolishing the middle man (insurance companies) and allowing hospitals and doctors to fight for patient's business just like any other industry. This type of competition will force transparency and ultimately drive down prices. (I repeat, this only happens if you get rid of the middle man). But this only works if there is a private market for it. If you have the government control everything then two things happen simultaneously. 

-One is that hospitals will overprice fees just as they do now with insurance companies (Govt becomes middle man). (The analogous situation is seen in university tuition skyrocketing over last 20 years once guaranteed federal loans were implemented). 
-Secondly, doctors will get paid less which is not what you want when you are asking them to incur 250K in student debt and sacrificing 11-15 years of education. I know the public doesn't have much pity for doctors, but in reality they are not the crooks in the current healthcare system and people fail to realize just how much debt and time it takes to even show up to the first day as an attending physician. 

So I do believe there is a steelman here which is that socialized healthcare should not be the only option because of the aforementioned cons. I do agree that the USA's version of for-profit healthcare is a shitshow and is a consequence of greed from insurers and hospital admins but we can do a lot fat trimming and deflating before we have to abolish the private market idea completely.

Thanks for your time and civility!
why would they bother smoking crack ? because crack doesnt come in a pill
&gt;  I have seen a lot of people holding their noses to swallow the pill 

Which is exactly inherently some tolerance or sympathy for white supremacy and racism if you're voting for Trump.
You don't see economic hardship as harmful?  Suddenly, because a condom broke or the pill decided to take the day off, and suddenly up to your neck in bills, diapers, baby food, and college savings?  Not to mention women are often forced to have sex, either through harassment, coercion, or outright rape.  But, you don't stop to think about that.....
So I'm in my 30s now, I just went down a YouTube rabbit hole this week, ended up watching E! True Hollywood story episodes from 1999. The commercials, holy shit were the commercials progressive. My favorite was "Single white female in her 20s wants to get married, Move to Paris and have 3 kids, but not right now, right now she wants to have fun. *BIRTH CONTROL PILL*"

I have to think 9/11 and Bush really fucked us into the stone age
I see your point. However, it does seem a bit unfair to say a Trump vote is inherently some semblance of tolerance for white supremacy. A lot of people who voted in the same way a lot of Left Leaning individuals did. They were not voting for Trump, they were voting against Biden, and I have seen a lot of people holding their noses to swallow the pill of who they're voting in on both sides. Also in terms of Active Duty Men and Women, the racial and ethnic demographic stats seem close enough to that of the US as a whole (https://www.statista.com/statistics/214869/share-of-active-duty-enlisted-women-and-men-in-the-us-military/) (not best source, but what i could find in the shower) that it would lead to a logical conclusion that it may be more right leaning in a gun toting sense, but not in terms of holding white nationalist values. Given the demographic makeup of the USAF it would also lesd to the conclusion that anyone holding any kind of racial superiority narratives would inherently be dissuaded by the racial/ethnic composition of the USAF. Not to mention the consequences of racial or gender based harassment which should be a dishonorable discharge, because the USAF needs to be a group of people you can rely on to put politics, race, gender, etc. aside and focus on the collective mission, and not any singilar individuals mission.
I speak more about how he has been fighting the good fight and getting shit on for so long. I dont know how stays same. Everything happening lately is a big black pill and he sees all of it and still goes to work everyday. Maybe perseverance is the word I should have used.
ok dr pill what would u prescribe?

what’s ur diagnosis dr pill?
Uhh, fine? Maybe in need of half a tab of a chill pill?

I was talking about the dogmatically conservative, which doesn’t seem to apply to you. Your positions seem sincere and well reasoned, so they’d be helpful additions to the larger discourse. Half of those points are firmly in the current leftist canon. What isn’t helpful is reading everything in the least charitable way possible to the point where you can’t differentiate between what was actually said and some terrifying fever dream you just imagined.

Being able to plant your feet in reality is always a good starting point.
Imagine being one of the seditionist rioters sitting in prison because your glorious leaders threw you under the bus after you tried to overthrow democracy for them, and then on top of that head that the woman you tried to murder for them is raising more money to help save your freezing family members and your moronic leader also took a trip to Cancun instead of helping your family he is supposed to represent. 

Imagine having to swallow that basketball sized pill.
To be fair it’s pretty exhausting how many times Democrats said the world would end over Climate Change. It’s a serious issue, but take a chill pill
Do people seriously think that "if only it weren't for that darned Joe Rogan, nobody would have any issues with this!"      
          
I can't wrap my head that line of thinking.  Anybody who is knowledgeable about male and female athletics knows that males have a very large athletic advantage, with or without Joe Rogan.      
       
Yeah, there are lots who transphobic bigots who are pretending to care about fairness in female sports, just to have a temporary moral highground to bash trans people from. Their real objections are cultural, not fairness. If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.       
       
But the idea that this isn't a difficult and nuanced subject, and that the only way anybody has any concerns of transgirl / transomwen athletes in female sports is if they are a transphobic bigot is total bullshit, and part of why conservatives are getting mileage out of using this as a wedge issue.      
         
As a generally liberal, pro trans individual, who actually cares about female athletics as more than a political prop, and has experience coaching both male and female athletes (and even, as a male, participating in reasonably serious scrimmages with female college athletes)... of course this is a nuanced issue.      
        
I want to combine social inclusion and athletic fairness to the best extent possible.  I assume you don't do that with outright bans.  But it's also quite clear that you don't do it by doing what states like Connecticut do, where its entirely on the basis of gender identity... which means pre-transition transgirl athletes can participate in female sports despite having done nothing medical at all to reduce the athletic advantage of being born male.  That's a hugely unfair situation for cisgender female athletes.  Hell, it would even probably be really unfair for a transgirl who started transition before puberty and is probably pretty similar to a cisgender female athlete.
I think ADF are bigots.  I'm generally liberal, pro trans, and an atheist.  I want no part of their shit.  They are pretending to care about fairness in female sports, just to have a temporary moral highground to bash trans people from. Their real objections are cultural, not fairness. If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.      
        
But that being said, their part in the Connecticut lawsuit is a bit of a stopped clock being right twice a day.  I'm all for trying to blend social inclusion and athletic fairness (since I do actually care about female sports legitimately and not as a political prop), so I fully trying to come up with scientific criteria related to HRT or transition or whatever to set standards for when transgirls / transwomen can compete in female high school athletics.      
       
But in states like Connecticut, athletic participation is done ENTIRELY on the basis of gender identity.  So a transgirl / transwomen athlete can participate in female athletics even if they haven't done anything medical (like HRT or whatever) in any way that would reduce the athletic advantages inherent in being born into a male body.  And those advantages are very very large.  Like I'm sorry, but you don't have to be a transphobic bigot to realize that isn't sensible policy.  That policy is well meaning, but very naive.      
       
Some people will call me a bigot for partially siding with ADF in this lawsuit (I say partially because I'm sure they want a complete ban, whereas I just want standards to be set like how the olympics and other things do).  I prefer to say "how badly is the rule written when a pro trans liberal atheist who detests the ADF is reluctantly partially siding with them in a lawsuit against said rule."
Many of these groups are spreading hate.  They are pretending to care about fairness in female sports, just to have a temporary moral highground to bash trans people from.  Their real objections are cultural, not fairness.  If you invented a magic pill to make a transgirl / transwomen athlete the exact amount of athletic competence she would have were she born cisgender, they would find a new reason to object.             
        
That being said, part of the reason they are are having traction making this a wedge issue is that in some states, the rules are well meaning but naive, speaking from the point of view of a pro-trans mostly liberal individual who has a fair amount of experience with both male and female sports.  https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/ln2x3p/national_hate_group_could_be_behind_the_bills_in/gnzsrja/
I live in a poor city and work at a group home for guys with MR. The people opposed to Medicare for all think that their taxes are gonna go up to fund Healthcare for dirty poor people and The Blacks. But... they already get Medicare. The city here, for years I had no problem buying opiates from the big Medicare apartment towers directly across from the hospital. Everyone in that building was selling meds, had no problem getting dr appts etc. The group home... the guys there have better healthcare than military vets. Everything's covered they go to a podiatrist to get their toenails clipped, dental procedures, one guy constantly gets a... "flipper tooth" (fills in where a tooth was pulled i think) doesn't wear it, tosses it out gets another one. Their meds... holy shit they're a **fortune**. No joke, they have half the vitamins in a multi vitamin all prescribed separately, ascorbic acid vitamin D, calcium. One guy has a med for a mutated gene that he doesn't need because he's a 45 yr old guy with MR. Worrying about a mutated gene... that ship sailed 40 years ago. The agency RNs tried to get him off it because its pointless. It cost $900 a month. For one pill. I did the math on one of the guys and he had over 5k in meds a month. All derived by a pharmacy 40 minutes away. They dont pay a cent. One of the guys was diagnosed with non Hodgkins lymphoma, he went to the oncologist the next city over, in the nice town where people with good jobs live. Never paid a penny, he wasn't sitting there worrying his cancer treatments would bankrupt him.

Thats the problem. People that vote down MFA... they think they're gonna have a higher tax burden to give poor people health care... but the ALREADY get it!! They have for decades and they're always going to. So these people that are against HFA, which would give themselves health coverage because poor people might get some of their tax dollars... instead, they're opposed to it/vote it down and when they themselves have any kind of significant health concern they go bankrupt. Meanwhile the poor people they didnt want their tax dollars going to... they have their doctor appt scheduled already without a worry as to how they're gonna pay for it. 

The "middle class" (working poor) is the one that gets fucked by our healthcare system and meanwhile they're the ones voting it down. The poorest people have Medicare already and the richest people don't really need to worry about it. Its fucking absurd. 

Also the things I mentioned are typical in NYS, but it varies state to state. Oh, and now that they cracked down on opiate prescriptions, the latest thing is selling test strips and glucometer supplies. In this poor ass city, you drive around and every stop light has a "We buy test strips" sign stapled to the utility poles. Thats because all the poor people here have Medicare and no worries about how to pay.
WTF.. We are Texans... Rick Perry, our Beloved ex-Governor and National Hero said Texans would rather freeze to death than let the commie Democrat Fed come to regulate Texas grids... that is straight out of the mouth of the greatest secretary of energy in our history... 

Hold the line... Damn it... 

Don't cry.. just fly to Cancun and take a chill pill.. but don't be stupid enough to get caught on camera and sell out your daughter... then get busted by your wife's text... 

It is like they know their soul is lost and they want to get busted...
&gt;Possibly forcing your mistress to have an abortion

[Nah, they're cool with that.](https://www.newsweek.com/former-trump-aide-administered-abortion-pill-1134501)
I’m not against renewable energy but when the same people are proclaiming that the earth will end in 12 years unless we surrender to the government that’s an impossible pill to swallow.
It’s a tough pill to swallow, I know
As much as I despise cruz and think he's a weasel I really can't stand the media over-inflating this and the left over-intellectualizing and overly woking this.  You know humans have these things called cell phones so he's able to conduct business without needing to necessarily physically being somewhere. This wokiness, this intelletualizing everything, this is what drives people away from democrats, this is what makes the other side want to stick it to us, to make us cry.  These attitudes piss people off.  Cause it won't be fun when the shoes on the other foot.  Sure stand up for what's right but take a chill pill. Don't shoot ourselves in the foot. We need more friends, not more enemies.

Also I'm team Beto since the beginning (Biden and Beto were my favs) and thank him for what he's doing.. but really take a chill pill.
Leap what? If a condom breaks and the man says take the morning after pill, woman doesn’t, oops. Now he pays for 18 years.   

Take it a step further if you want equality. What if a woman rapes a man, does he still pay child support if she keeps the child ?  Where do you draw the line ?
Do they mean normal birth control, the one where you need a pill a day, or do they mean the morning after pill, which you only take once up to 3 or 5 days after having unprotected sex? Because the first one is probably much better to discuss with a doctor to find the one that works for you. It is obvious however, that the morning after pill should be sold over the counter.

Edit: i realized this is the United States and doctor visits are stupid expensive for y'all. It makes way more sense to me now. Still, this seems like a very suboptimal solution.
You are correct, pharmacists job is to know which drugs might have adverse affects if combined with other drugs.

BUT that's not what my comment was about.

My point is that woman with say thyroid problems might get a different birth control than say a woman with low blood pressure than say a woman with diabetes (and I'm using these as rough off the top of the head examples) that is why there are different types of birth control pills out there.

And it can be something as simple as a woman being a vegetarian and the doctor would recommend a pill with more iron in it,

While a pharmacist may know about drug interactions it's not necessarily true that a pharmacists understands the physiology aspect because that's not their specialty like a Doctor.
Ted Cruz: *takes breath*

People on this sub: “I can’t believe Ted Cruz has the audacity to breath while people in Texas are dying”

Take a chill pill people, their human too.
So what is the rate of morbidity and mortality of pregnancy? 

As a medical student, you know that pregnancy is much more dangerous. And that pregnancy is much, much more dangerous for the groups you listed above (smokers, older women, hyper coagulate).  So the risk is still lower to get the pill - and getting pregnant doesn’t require a doctors visit.
My wife almost died in her mid 20s due to a clot. She was on the pill. Her blood is thicker than normal, but they only found that out afterwards. A piece of a blood clot broke off and got lodged in her leg. That's how it started. They doctors removed it and looked for the rest. It was on her heart valve. So open heart surgery. 
The pill she was on was one that had a higher risk for clots. Had she been screened as a teenager none of that would have happened. 
She's fine now. On medication for her blood condition (something similar to warfarin). Our younger daughter also has the blood condition so she won't be able to take the pill, either.
i am sorry.must be a tough pill to swalow
The Dems don’t have the power obviously, probably too many don’t want to vote for it because then they have to go home and explain to their constituents that no, their rent, credit card debt or car payments will not be forgiven, just the student loans and it’ll add up to billions and better yet, their taxes have to go towards that. So progressives, knowing it’s not as popular outside of social media as many assume, are trying to pressure the president to do their job for them and bypass the legislation process. Which is damn lazy and wrong. Its their peers they have to pressure, not Biden and it’s a hard pill to swallow when a lot of Americans suffer from all kinds of other debt but get bypassed to pay some dude’s wrong choices in life.
Suddenly red pill cares about women's sports after decades of ridiculing them.
What if a 18 non smoking year wanted to go on the pill, any problems? 

A non smoking minor above the age of 13? 

*"ony a medical student"* given that you haven't actually treated anyone, nor have you prescribed any medication, how is your opinion any better than anyone else's?
It is a danger that is anyone wearing tampons needs to know about. That’s why there are warnings on the box. There are warnings on aspirin and ibuprofen and acetaminophen regarding interactions with other medications and suggesting you speak to your doctor first if you have certain conditions.  Birth control pills will have the same types of warnings and those who aren’t sure can contact their doctor.  

[A 2010 UK study found that fewer women on hormonal birth control died compared to women who never used it.](https://www.bmj.com/content/340/bmj.c927)

And from [here:](https://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-38265865)

&gt;A short film recently published on the Guardian website draws attention to the deaths of young women who died of blood clots while using combined hormonal contraceptives - which include the pill, patch and ring.

&gt; The video claims that if women understood the death rate, they would not take hormonal contraceptives - and that if you had 10,000 women who were using the ring, a few of them would die.

&gt;"It's not accurate to say that a few women in 10,000 will die," says Dr Sarah Hardman, Deputy Director at the Faculty of Sexual and Reproductive Healthcare.

&gt;"It is accurate to say that a few women in 10,000, probably between five and 12 in 10,000 will have clotting events - a vein thrombosis event. But not all of those women die. In fact, only about 1% of the women who have a clotting event die."

&gt;"So we're looking at maybe about three to 10 per million women dying as a result of having a clot that is attributable to use of their combined hormonal contraception."

&gt; If you're not on a hormonal contraception, and you're a woman of reproductive age, your risk is only about two in 10,000 women per year.

&gt; But of course, coming off the pill to avoid blood clots increases your likelihood of getting pregnant. And pregnancy itself increases the risk of blood clots.

&gt;"If you're looking at women who are pregnant, it's about 29 per 10,000," says Hardman.

&gt;"And women who are in the post-partum period - in the weeks just after they have given birth - their risk is about 300-400 in 10,000."

&gt; In other words, having a baby is far more likely to produce blood clots than taking the pill.

&gt; And the pill can be very effective in preventing pregnancy. For women, the only methods more effective are IUDs, implants and sterilisation.
Yeah, if all you can manage is the bare minimum of voting you can eat that hard to swallow pill. Democracy requires civic participation. We are in a flawed democracy partially because people think voting their team in the general election is all that is required of them.
Idk who this could help but there is an app/ website called Nurx, that you can get birth control through. If you have insurance most forms of BC are free or if you have to pay out of pocket they can be fairly cheap. There is no doctor visit at all and you basically fill out a health questionnaire, list all health history and current medications and talk with a medical professional who helps you find the right birth control. It’s then mailed monthly. I’ve been using this service for over a year. Never have had to pay for birth control while utilizing it. My husband had a vasectomy but I use the pill for menstrual reasons. Worth checking out ladies. I do believe they also do STI testing kits and things of that nature as well.
I agree.

 Increase access to OCPs but do it in a safe way. OCPs are not completely benign to everyone. As I said elsewhere, the biggest contraindication is women that clot too easily including smokers past 35. 

A PCP doctor should/would work you up for easy clotting at some point prior to prevent you from getting a stroke on the pill.
We already had this convo dude, take a chill pill or 2.
You took the blue pill didn’t you?
"Harm reduction" is what they argue against and it's so stupid. "This pill will only make me live 5 years longer? Fuck off, that doesn't solve the problem, come back when you have a pill that will make me immortal."
You took the red pill didn’t you?
I don't believe this. The police aren't capable of making such distinctions in the United States. They treat people who sell weed like people who manufacture meth. In fact, people who sell weed are usually treated more poorly than people selling deadly pharmaceuticals because of the way people are able to get out of those charges. For example, pharmaceuticals aren't illegal under federal law, people who have prescriptions have a legal right to medications, it's difficult to prove where a pill comes from. The legal status of cannabis makes it easier for them to destroy someone involved with it then someone who's say, selling their oxycontin or Klonopin.
Two words: Poison Pill.
In your experience, do Europeans have as much of a consumerist attitude towards healthcare as Americans? Because I feel like Americans are constantly looking for a quick fix for every problem...a pill, a shortcut, elective surgery, etc. IDK how amenable a single-payer system is for people with that attitude.
This is like when red pill women get upset that red pill men don’t respect them
&gt;An Indiana House committee agreed Monday to require doctors tell women considering a pill-induced abortion the procedure can be "reversed" — despite no reliable medical research showing that is true.

Me: that is crazy, who would even think of something as bizarre as that?

&gt;House Bill 1577, sponsored by state Rep. Peggy Mayfield, *Republican*-Martinsville

Me: Oh
My best friend in high school had terrible hay fever, and she had allergy medicine she needed to take at lunch.  She was supposed to keep it in the nurses' office.  But when she'd go to the nurse at lunch to take her medication, the nurse would say "Are you supposed to have this?  I don't think you are supposed to have this." And would refuse to give it to her, despite the instructions for when she was supposed to take it being right there on the bottle and also having the same instructions from her parents.

So she started just smuggling it in, one pill at a time each day.  After lunch we'd go to the hallway behind the cafeteria where there was a little used drinking fountain, and I'd make sure the coast was clear while she quick used the drinking fountain to take her allergy medicine.
Obviously there's a conspiracy to hide the tape that shows him swallowing a cyanide pill with BLM written large on the side.
He didn’t take a pill. His wife did. Hitler took a bullet to the head.
So you saying trump should take a pill and off himself like hitler
They can.

But they won't. 

And all will be forgiven come election time because "the other side is literally insane though!"

Both sides do the same things and Americans eat it up. The masses never think about the fact that all the elites attend the same parties, send their kids to the same schools, and live in the same neighborhoods. 

The uncomfortable truth, the real "red pill" is that Nancy Pelosi and Ted Cruz have a lot more in common with each other than they do with their own constituents. 

But come election time, the great masses will all take their cues to start hating eachother again while the elites eat 1000 dollar dinners and make another couple million.
I mean they do; but it'd take a republican to propose it; and democrats would have to feign dislike of it... otherwise we get Moscow Mitch filibustering HIS OWN BILL AGAIN... 

Also they'd probably throw in poison pill loopholes like no revenue cap for the companies; so even Starbucks/Walmart/Etc could use it... OR not include a wage limit for the employees so like Jeff Bezos would give Amazon a giant fucking tax return because he makes so much money and it's like "Technically making multiple billion dollars per year is above making $10/hr; so all the money I earn extra entitles amazon to this tax credit"

So basically someone like Romney would have to propose it; make sure it's not abusable; and Democrats would have to be against it... until voting time comes; then we'd have basically the first unanimous vote in congressional history... and Moscow Mitch would be like "WAIT A FUCKING MINUTE I TAKE MY VOTE BACK; THE GOD DAMN DEMOCRATS WANT IT"
Turns out General Sherman had the most effective idea, burn the South to the ground. Seemed overly barbaric at the time and I sympathize with the decision to reign him in, but had we swallowed that most bitter pill it might have prevented the national identity disaster we currently find ourselves in.
&gt;  and how do you think wages should be handled?

i have no idea, maybe we could subsidize wages in those areas?  Something like the Feds insure a $15/hr min wage, and if you are in a particular area/zone that can't afford it, you pay what you're zoned for, and the state pays the rest?

Honestly i have no idea how it's going to work, and you're right, $15/hr shouldn't break the bank, but in places like WV that's more than doubling the amount a kitchen worker is going to make.  Restaurant owners already got hit this year having to shut down (tossing out a month's worth of food, and then having to rebuy it to reopen), now they're going to be hit with wage hikes?

It's a bitter pill to swallow (and i know it's not that bad, but business owners by and large are going to complain about it, and they'll use the easiest language, even if it slowly grows to $15 over time to 2026).  The Republicans will use it against Sinema and Manchin in their reelection bids in '24.  

So they have to make a show of not wanting it, saying they won't vote for it, then saying at the end with they vote for it, that it's a bitter pill, but they're promised something in return to take the sting out.  

I don't know how to get business back into rural areas.  It probably starts with affordable housing, then extends to job creation and unchaining schools from property values.  A service based economy just naturally likes cities better.  

I grew up rural as well, but i can't go back either.  The place i grew up is a shadow of its former self, but it was shite as long as i can remember.  I recall loving it, but i was a kid.  My parents left it as soon as they got the opportunity.
I know you have to excuse me I have a photographic memory and having all this information stored up here makes it kind of flow out like a river because there's just so much which is why I use auto type but if you did take the time to read the paragraph and did the smallest amount of research you will see that everything I'm saying is true that everything the dems have done since they've gotten in the office has almost been a direct attack against middle to low class people almost separating them from our government and all of it's benefits and I know you have to have seen the news of the lines going around the corner and unemployment offices well I was in one of those lines and yes half were there to apply for benefits but the other half were there because they received a lettertelling them to report to the office and if someone came in with the letter they immediately pulled him to the side had him fill out a appeals form and got them right back out the door when truthfully it would have been best if none of them would have falled for an appeal because once they get a denial from the state they're eligible for federal benefits but of course they do not tell them that because they want them to file an appeal and continue being in the never ending loop such as my situation where I applied for the first time in my life being a military veteran a year ago and it took 6 months for them to get back to me were they informed me that I was denied without a hearing or any of the normal process that they have just outright denied and without reason cuz they would not give me a reason and they told me I had to fall and appeal which I did not knowing later on that by doing that I just reentered myself into the 6th month to a year cycle and it's been too much as I filed my pill and have not received one phone call and this is the story I'm hearing from everybody that goes to unemployment office if you know anyone unemployed that recently became unemployed just ask them the store is the same across the country hell California close their office for two months to develop this anti fraud system something that did make national news anyway again I apologize for all the tons of info but you just have to understand how big this conspiracy is you can't just explain it in one paragraph on a reddit line. But just Google this how much of the covid relief money is actually making it to the people and that will at least start you towards the information that I found or if you would like I can email you the articles from the local news agencies or whatever you want.
Republicans men have been fighting towards this end since the Pill came on the scene.  White, conservative Christian men want their wives not working, subservient and at home.
Time for the ugly truth that no one wants to hear. 

Democrats will continue trying to capitulate with fascists because they care more about the image of "reason" and "unity" as opposed to forcibly preventing intentional agitators from destroying this country from the foundation. Biden has already made it clear, as he did through all of Obama's presidency, that he's a delusional one-trick pony who will try, against literally all evidence to the contrary, to sit down and talk with these fascists as if all they need is the right combination of words to stop being fascists. He'll also bend legislation to appease them, despite them knowing in the long-run that it'll only backfire for Democrats.

Here's the hard pill to swallow: The Democratic party has failed America for decades and will continue to fail. It will never acknowledge that its entire ideology is fundamentally wrong, and it'll consequently continue enabling all the things we've seen until we're in a purely fascist state. There's no salvation for us unless we either have a new party or tear the entire system down. There's zero reason to have any faith in the Dems at this point.
This will probably be a hard pill to swallow, but unfortunately the USPS *needs to be "destroyed"* to some degree. The business model everyone is accustomed to has been essentially obsolete for close to a decade. Think about it - why would we possibly need someone to come to our house every single day to drop off a bunch of junk mail we then just throw straight into a recycling bin? (Yes, the vast majority of what we receive is unsolicited direct mail, [by some estimates 90%](https://www.televox.com/junk-mail-by-the-numbers-why-youre-not-being-noticed/#:~:text=Americans%20receive%20an%20average%20of,our%20mailbox%20is%20probably%20unwanted), and it's the only reason USPS is keeping afloat as a business.

Obviously we don't want to tinker with it during an election cycle, and would have to create some sort of tiered system for priority items, but what if standard mail only came once or twice a week instead of 6x? The cost to send a letter *should increase* (dramatically) to a buck or two. Why?, because  1. it would incentivize people and orgs to send items electronically, 2. price out the unwanted junk mail recycling factory that [wastes the energy equivalent of powering 250k homes a day](http://wasteawaygroup.blogspot.com/2018/01/junk-mail-facts-and-statistics.html), and 3. because *that's how much it actually costs* to send a letter.

I'm not saying this from the perspective of some eco-warrior, it's simply a business decision - they will need to make a big pivot and reimagine their service offering in order to stay relevant.  It's going to be a hard shift to make, as direct mail is a multi-billion dollar industry, and any big changes would also be ***deeply unpopular*** from a political perspective - as shown in the article above. Until they actually blow up the USPS, you as a taxpayer will just have to keep bailing them out while they limp along into another decade.
Looks like some haven't taken the red pill. 💊
It's a poison pill. Just because it helps them today doesn't mean it won't bite them in the ass later.
Considering r/Liberalgunowners is over 120K last I checked... 

There are lots of us, and we swallowed a bitter pill to vote for Biden to get Trump out of office. Stop infringing on my civil rights.
“This is a must watch! This guy is a legend! He completely owned the media in this red pill moment!” I’m questioning if they watched the same video. Mind blowing.
I know it's hard to understand especially being an outsider but you got to understand that our politicians have become more entertainers than politicians and America has had correct politicians for so long that we have laws and effect that pretty much guarantee that only occurred person could be a politician such as the golden parachute law that allows them to keep any money leftover from their campaigns when they retire so you end up with people like Nancy pelosi who raises 12 million dollars for an election spends eight on the election and put four million back into the account and every election does this and by the time she leaves office this woman's going to be 20-30 million dollars deep that's not even counting the bribes and other crop stuff.to Americans I think it's like watching a reality show because while our country's falling apart around us they fixate on whether or not an ex-president should be impeached none understanding that no president or politician of any country for that matter wants to see a leader impeached or tried because then it opens the door and makes it easier for the next one to get charged and tried.and like in America right now where we have 500,000 people a month on average final front employment because of the virus we have a President who on TV acts like he cares and promotes a bill like the cares act like it's going to help people but then later on we find out that as soon as it hit our Senate which is the body that sets regulations on the law they changed the language and added so many restrictions to the law that not only did us and not help Americans but it immediately kicked millions of Americans off of unemployment and with the smallest amount of research you find out that out of the four trillion dollars allocated and aid to fight the virus only the money going to corporations and to prop up government institutions as being spent and the nearly 1.5 trillion that was meant for middle class to low class programs are not being spent or dispersed and right now 1.1 trillion dollars just sitting in a bank account not being spent because millions no longer are eligible and through the lucky few that are still eligible whenever you go up to the office you quickly find out that they're going to give you the runaround so long that this President will be at office before your claim to settled me myself I filed a claim a year ago for the first time I've worked two jobs almost since I was 13 and I was in the military for 12 years and I've been given the runaround for a year straight and the same thing has happened to everybody I know that it's filed which I have eight friends that have tried to file and the same thing happened months went by and when they finally did contact them they tell them that there was some technical issue or their claim was declined for something like not receiving paperwork in time and if you were smart enough to send your paperwork registered mail like my friend then they allow you to follow an appeal which they allow you to file a pill no matter what because they don't deny you because once they deny your eligible for federal benefits so no matter what they have you fall in the pill well like in my friend's situation she followed an appeal for months went by they do a phone hearing she wins because she can prove that she sent in the paperwork so she thinks that she's getting benefits well after the phone call the lady who was handling her case told her didn't know it was not an appeal on whether or not she got benefits it was an appeal on whether or not the decision to cancel her benefits or her claim was right or not and that now she had to file an appeal or refile her claim restarting the whole process again and this is the stories that I'm hearing on the internet pretty much all over the country and then our local news channels are reporting on it also and our local news channel 7 news started getting reports from our local agency that handles adoptions that so many people were going homeless that they were turning their kids over to adoption because they couldn't afford to feed them straining and already almost collapsing adoption system and they were trying to bring light to it because none of the aid packages had set aside any money for our adoption system so channel 7 news went to the state capital and started interviewing legislatures with a camera on and they got them to admit that in the cares act as soon as the cameras were turned away Biden added a restriction saying States had to build an anti-fraud database and that anyone who received money for ran through this database that the states would have to pay back any money that person should not have gotten and in the same article in the cares act they also exempted the federal government from the same type of fraud that the federal government was exempt from having to pay back any money or tax money lost because of fraud to the taxpayers so the states were forced to basically stop approving anyone until these computer systems were up well in Arkansas hours will not be done until March so they got them to admit on camera that no one in this country has been approved for benefits at a time where 500,000 people are applying for them a month and as crazy as I know Trump must seem to people in other countries a lot of what he says is true because like the situation I just described locals news channel across the country are reporting about it but none of our national channels are and when they bring up the discussion of unemployment or something like that they kind of rush over it or just mention it so they can say that they mentioned it later on when all this comes to the surface the next election and everyone's talking about the corruption so again I know it has to seem crazy from someone in another country but this is what happens when you spend a century thinking you're the greatest country in the world sitting on your ass while every other country in the world is catching up we are a classic tortoise in the hair situation and now there's so many corrupt laws in effect that it would take an entire generation to stop them all another example about corrupt this country is and this is on the Wall Street end PG&amp;e which is the same company by the way that poison an entire town which brought about that Julia Roberts movie Aaron brockovich I don't know if you saw it in your country but most recently PG&amp;e who controls the power supply in California and on the West coast defrauded Americans out of millions of dollars because California was having a power crisis and they were having blackouts and forest fires and all kinds of stuff and it was in the news you might have saw it well during the peak time of this disaster when there was supposedly a power shortage PG&amp;e had a scam going where at night time when everywhere else in the world the price of power goes down because the less people are using it they would increase the price really high at night that way the next morning the state would be forced to pay this high price to keep their lights on otherwise it would take hours to turn on one of their own backup power plants and on the documentary I saw about it the average price for a megawatt or whatever during that time period was $12 a megawatt and during the height of the scam PG&amp;e was charging $1,000 in megawatt to California and they estimate that it raised everyone in America's light bill by at least $1,000 that year alone and that was one company and one scam in that same year Goldman Sachs bought all three of the aluminum producing factories in the United States and this is a common scam on Wall Street but they bought the three aluminum producing factories in the United States and ordered them to only produce a certain amount every day pretty much fixing the price and basically creating a demand at a time where the world had a huge surplus of aluminum and not only did they make Americans pay this inflated price for aluminum at a time worth the rest of the world was paying extremely less they even ripped off the government millions of dollars in storage fees to store the aluminum before the government trucks came and picked it up and they estimate that scam cost the American taxpayers a couple hundred dollars in income because it increased the price of cars and pretty much anything made of aluminum and that was just too scams anyway I know this has been a lot but I'm trying to give you an example of how corrupt we are we are the new rome and it's been going so on so long that Americans expect it we actually make movies about the corruption years later and laugh about it look at American made with Tom Cruise American gangster with Denzel Washington kill the messenger about the reporter that uncovered that Ronald Reagan so heroin and cocaine African-American communities in the seventies while simultaneously creating the Dare program which was our biggest anti drug campaign all because he wanted to fund a militant group called The contras so they can stop the spread of Communism in South America who in turn by the way sold every gun that we gave them to Columbia in exchange for cocaine something that's in American made by Tom Cruise if you've ever seen it anyway I know it's been a lot but again I was just trying to give you an idea of exactly how lost we are and how the majority of Americans don't even know it because when it comes down to it it's the same reason why less than 1% of 1% of our population joints our military it's because we've been fat and lazy for so long living off the government that we think we're entitled to it and no one has patriotism for this country anymore except for a small percentage and the majority of them end up going into the military and either getting killed injured or so psychologically damaged that let's just say they're not going to make much of a contribution to the country.
This post is filled with too many comments containing too much truth.
  
You are all failing to lull me into a false sense of security and the over abundance of Red Pill Reality is depressing.
  
Our only hope is that those that know what needs to be done, and are in a position to do so, will have the fortitude to do the right things. Eliminating the filibuster is but a first step. The goal of having a national majority able to understand the process seems a bit beyond our abilities.
  
I have watched this slide to the edge of the abyss for five decades and I don't see many opportunities left for securing a belay line.
It’s a hard pill for many to swallow but to say there’s no difference between men and women is about as insane as believing the world is flat. I thought you were being serious haha
It took me a lot of self restraint not to jump into the comment section there. Wow. Htf does one actually believe "he owned her" "red pill moment"
I fully 100% support reparations but there is no denying the fact that at this point in our nation’s history that issue is a poison pill for any party who may take it up as a cause.     

We can put reparations on the back burner for now and pass laws that have similar reparative effects as reparations, and then once the time comes where reparations are politically feasible we can pursue it. But seriously perusing reparations right now is the equivalent of seriously pursuing marijuana legalization and gay marriage in the 50s.   

We can work to slowly push the conversation in that direction, but unfortunately it’s not feasible right now if we ever want power again or to be able to get anything else done, as morally right and long overdue as reparations may be.
&gt;If a drug was put on the market that killed 30,000 people, that drug would come off the market faster than you could say "class action lawsuit."

What like alcohol, lol? That's like what... 80,000 people every year? Around 15,000 people die from prescription opiates every year. Over 120,000 people die every year from prescription pill overdoses every year. Is this about saving lives, or because guns scare people or people have some kind of vendetta against gun ownership? Prohibition rarely works, what will work however is helping to rectify the socioeconomic conditions that lead people to commit suicide, join gangs, or sell drugs. Because the vast majority of gun deaths are linked to those things.
This is the great reveal, nothing has actually changed except that the veil has been lifted. It was the Ideas of law and order, freedom of speech, and social mobility as American that has inspired people all around the world to strive for more. It’s been pure propaganda from the get go, but in the same tradition of the “utopia” it was something to aim for. The truth of the matter, that it’s a rich mans country, is a difficult pill to swallow(though how can anyone be surprised that a capitalist society might prize and mostly benefit the rich is anyone’s guess). 

Watching what little remained of that illusion crumble is heartbreaking. It requires us to reevaluate how we deal with the largest economy, with the biggest guns, and the most soldiers. We are being awoken from our blissful ignorance and are upset that we’ve been spooning a massive turd this whole time.
Yes, I actually have been a part of polls before.  And there are things called scientific pills, but you don't seem like the sciency type and are projecting pretty heavily.  

But as I said, this is over discussed.  You've got your beliefs and you're sticking by them.  Keep taking your blue pill and thinking the rest of the world is crazy.  I've got a Valentine's Day to enjoy.  Back to Parler my friend.
Nah just let it red pill more people it’s hilarious. Reddit is like that weird helicopter parent trying to tell you what to do and what to think and it’s only pushing people further and further away.
God will spew you out of the Kingdom of Heaven and you will live your entire afterlife in Hell paying for all those beautiful babies you aborted. 
If you are going to lay down with someone and have sex then take the pill and use a condom as a backup and also to keep your nasty self from getting diseases or giving someone a disease.
They deserve him. He is a poison pill they have willingly swallowed. Until/unless the GOP purges itself Trump, it's only a matter of time before its hollowed carcass drops dead in the political desert.

That would be a good thing in the short term, but the thought of having one viable political unsettles me. America needs two viable parties with the idea that they'll compete with each other and challenge each other to be better. That's the only way the American voter will win.
I wish I could take a pill to just not care about any of this. 

And I’m sick of being told oh just protest, register people to vote, canvass, volunteer, donate money to candidates you support, etc. 

I ALREADY DO THAT. Stop telling me to do the things I’ve already been doing. (Not you or OP, but that’s the general advice I receive.) 

I’m outraged all the time and anxious af. Like I said, I would prefer if I could somehow all of a sudden just not care. Because it’s too much.
I am thinking: Every posting regarding this "Trial" needs a prominent disclaimer indicating that the outcome was predetermined.
  
  
The "verdict" was not in any way grounded in any version of "Red Pill Reality".
Let me present the 2022 strat: Democrats promised you $2,000 and didn’t give it to you while raising taxes (the poison pill from the 2017 cuts).

Followed by 2024: Biden hasn’t done anything. Don’t re-elect. 

Trump might be done, the GOP isn’t,
you’ve responded to none of the points i made, and you keep saying no tolerance for fascism. what gina was encouraging was to not fall into THE PATTERNS that lead to fascistic/totalitarian/communist dictatorships with the power to direct violence against a specific class of citizens for arbitrary reasons. hitler targeted the jews yes but he also targeted people with physical disabilities, political opponents, gypsies, and homosexuals. and i will concede that he killed more jewish people than any of the other categories but that doesn’t change the fact that if you encourage shunning or violence on an ENTIRE political party and not individual actors within those groups who espouse the rhetoric you’re talking about (not just words or ideas you don’t like but real fascist policies and ideals) that can feasibly lead to the demonization of entire segments of society. so then no one bats an eye when a random republican voter is targeted simply for that reason and people like you just swallow the pill that they deserved it for having a slightly different political opinion than yours. which when you think about it sounds a whole lot like fascism to me.
Pass a new law requiring “Presidential transparency“ e.g. Last 10 years of federal income tax filings. Make running again a bitter pill that he (or other similarly corrupt individual) would be unlikely to swallow.
I can't see someone his age and condition doing cocaine and living very long.

Opioids suppress appetite so you don't see to many obese pill heads.

His drug is attention and holding power over people
No need to be rude about it. Take a chill pill. You need to calm down.
I think right now we’re just feeling a knee jerk reaction to calling for witnesses only to backdown within a few hours. I get why they backed down but it’s a hard pill to swallow.
If it had no bearing on legislation then it's obvious dems would call witnesses. Why would they not, when they just passed a vote on it? They're just looking at the bigger picture. Something everyone in this thread just doesn't want to do. It's a tough pill to swallow but republican senators haven't been swayed by hours and hours of evidence. 

By calling witnesses, they would essentially be saying that painting republicans in a bad light is more important than giving relief to the American people. Because that's the only  thing we'd be getting out of it, I don't believe there's a real chance of conviction.
Right there. Still a hard pill to swallow, but I guess I’ll get past it.
This dude needs a chill pill.
I will say this, there is a good chance of complications when tying times. It leads to scaring in the felopian tube which can lead to infertility.

And also, long term use of birth control can lead to infertility with women. 

IVF on the low end cost roughly 8000.00 dollars, which is a barrier to people being able to conceive (I think they should just make it a bit more affordable, along with adoption)

But we still need more and better options imo.

I would also say vasectomies are easier to reverse, not to mention having ones sperm frozen is much much less invasive than having ones eggs frozen. 

But yes, there are options, however we should still improve upon the technology.

I am pretty impressed with the morning after pill I must say.
You don't want kids, men get a damned vasectomy. Women, get your damned tubes tied. May I point out women with a working womb and working ovaries no longer need tubes with IVF. At least get a freaking IUD, the three month shot, take the pill. There are options now ladies and gentlemen.
Na, keep fighting against it, demand even higher pay for the insurance and pharmaceutical CEOs, just calling an ambulance should cost $1000 never mind it turning up, a single pain pill available over the counter in any other country for like $10 for a pack of twenty should be priced like a mid range laptop, broken bone? $50k starting cost and it should go up $20k per everyone who has to look at it.

I want to see it reach a point where it's cheaper to build and staff a hospital than to go to one, judging by what you pay your medical professionals there you're only a few years off this anyway.

In all seriousness, I can't imagine the stress you are living under knowing an average car accident could lead to bankruptcy and ruin, I personally believe your medical insurance and pharmaceutical industry top dogs should be charged with crimes against humanity.
This is because they have largely been lied to. The public option is a poison pill designed to ensure we never achieve single payer.
Well in most states they cannot be a part of the primary process all the way down the ballot so if they are faced with a candidate they don’t like, at least the pill will be harder to swallow.
Oh man, looks like the defense took a chill pill
&gt; Fine...those who are otherwise perfectly capable of working should have to at least try to find work in order to receive my tax dollars to pay for their healthcare*

So they leave important medical things untreated, and get your tax dollars *anyway* when they're on dialysis or other end-of-life care, that's 200,000x more expensive than just taking a daily pill to regulate their kidneys?

Penny smart and pound foolish.

The entire system is broken. Copays and deductibles sound great (people won't be frivolous with their healthcare!) but are they though? More often than not those things just stop people from going to the doctor if they're already on the lowest rung. They exist to discourage people from seeking care. I don't know about you, but I don't seek care unless I need it. I've known a single hypochondriac in my life. Are they really so common in yours that it justifies our whole system of healthcare discouraging people from seeking care?

Discouraging people from seeking preventative care makes the entire system more expensive for everyone. 

Remember, we live in a society where someone can get into a car accident, and tell the ambulance driver to leave them on the side of the road because if they take them, they'll miss this month's rent and won't have any food.

It's a combination of both our ass-backwards healthcare system, and our wealth inequality, with a sprinkling of "lack of worker's rights".
I know. Her presentation the other day (day 1 of their presentation, day 2 total) was what made me feel, for the first time, a real terror deep in my bones about what happened. I had to take an anti anxiety pill, but I was damn proud of her for humanizing it for people - R senators - who are numb to it, and making a great case.
&gt; Nobody did anything like that until that day.

Uh, Michigan? 

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/10/08/us/gretchen-whitmer-michigan-militia.html

Incidentally, Trump applauded and supported that effort, too. 

&gt;Clearly it was not incited or everyone would have run in.

What? Not everything is 100% successful (and certainly, if Trump is involved, you can expect the success rate to be nowhere near that). 

Do you really believe that absent Trump's involvement, this still would have happened? That's a tough pill to swallow.
Yes. But being physically unable to leave a room would make it hard. Even if his supporters rallied, the establishment would have a pill of a time convincing donors to back him instead of literally anyone else.

Also a 14th Amendment vote would be a lot easier to drop on an actual convict.
&gt;These "poison pill" riders need to go already.

This you, from further up this thread?
It’s only a poison pill if you want it to fail.
It's needs to be its own bill.  These "poison pill" riders need to go already.
Why not a public option? People who want private insurance can keep it, and those who want Medicare can have it. But to a lot of people on the left, this is akin to murdering the poor.

Single payer is a poison pill the far left seems to want to insist everyone swallows.
Nothing like introducing a poison pill into the proposal to guarantee it's failure. What the hell is she playing at?
Here's the hard pill. People are fucking dumb. There will always be a sect of society trying to screw everyone becuse for them the self inflicted pain does not outweigh the delight of harming "them."

We never get to relax.
The fact that today there is still no plans to produce a male birth control pill and there is a need and want for one begs to differ.

http://www.seattlestar.net/2016/05/how-far-are-we-from-the-pill-for-men/

Reading over this article, outside of a fluctuating glucose all of these symptoms are not life threatening.

And considering every drug commercial on television talks about the risk and complications of the medication, many that disclose that if certain complications develop medical attention is necessary and may or could result in death, I doubt that's the case.
Imagine being famous for just being the daughter of a guy that left his cancer wife for his rich pill popping liquor peddling wife and had a fat snarky daughter that everyone hates so much they put her on TV. Shitty existence.
I hope it passes but I feel like this could be an inadvertent poison pill
Seriously, you’ve got a point.  I stand corrected unfortunately.

My respect for Republicans from the top down ....all the way to my own family, has diminished greatly.

All my years of being raised in the church coupled with a family connected to law-enforcement, makes this pill harder to swallow for me.  Everything I was taught was thrown out the window buy those I respected and admired.

I am guilty of not always doing my homework to question which party truly follows more of what I truly believe in.  I voted haphazardly many times in my life.

Those days are over. Covid has given me the opportunity to take time and review the pros and cons of each party and what they stand for.

When you do something like this and look at your list of bullet points of issues that really do affect your own life, you are not choosing the republican party.

I was already teetering on the edge of moving to the democratic party based on climate issues.  After these last four years, The hypocrisy and the overall corruption was and is, hard to ignore.
It's not. Female birth control was necessary for the normalization of female sexuality. It was developed by women (well, it was a team of multiple people) who turned down the opportunity to work on a pill for men, because they understood that if we had a pill for both sexes then only the male one would have been approved originally. 

The female pill got approval when it was easier, and since absolutely no one would be in favor of removing it from the general public it stays despite the health risks. The fact there is no male pill is a result of a change in medical standards, not misogyny.
Spare us the enlightened centrist BS of "dae think both sides equally bad?!" when we can compare the two and see that no, they're no where near the same.

&gt; There is no way Bisen won fairly.

By all means, present your proof. Do what Trump's legal team failed to do in over 60 court cases. Proide the evidence that multiple state audits failed to uncover.

&gt; **It the overall hatred for 1 man that gave Biden votes**

Nothing unfair or illegal about that - people can vote for whoever they wish, for whatever reason they wish. If they vote for A because they dislike B that is there right.

&gt; and the illegal actions of a corrupt Democratic party.

Again, proof please.

&gt; So I simply say to all the haters, you got your so called savior Biden,or should I say Osama Obama s boy When gas hits $5 a gallon and Biden put more Americans out of work and welcomes more illegals in dont say its Trump's fault .Its yours

It's kind of funny how this pill of poor spelling and atrocious grammar starts with "they're equally bad guys" before desending into nothing but "Democrats bad illegal corrupt. Hur dur Osama Obama".
I mean... women take the risk.

I'm reading over an article now that details the side effects of hormonal male birth control.

Decreased libido, mood swings, weight gain, and the most serious, glucose levels are impacted.


Do we not consider long term use of birthcontrol in women can lead to infertility? Mood swings, weight gain, decreased libido are all side effects of women's birth control.

Along with the risk of clotting that can result in stroke and death.


I'm not seeing anything that would make that a greater risk than what women take.

On the other hand. Women physically have to deal with pregnancy if it were to fail, and so even with those risk, they're more likely to agree to them.

http://www.seattlestar.net/2016/05/how-far-are-we-from-the-pill-for-men/


Sure they're are unique challenges, but I'm pretty sure some of the hold up in technology is just sheer reluctance.
While I actually have a side experience with this exact occurrence (my brother fell for it), the condom removal is extra sketchy because both people have agreed to using a condom and the guy purposely removes it. The protection was there and agreed to by both parties and is a tangible protection. The whole "I'm on the pill" thing is not tangible and is comparable to the guy saying "I'm clean".
They did work on a pill for that! It even had fewer and less severe side effects than birth control for women! but it still technically had side effects and to the FDA that's just unacceptable for male medicine so they didn't approve it :/

really a lot of these problems boil down to "some men are total pussies" can't handle the same pill side effects, can't handle safe reversible surgery(despite circumcision being common), can't stand feeling marginally less pleasure because they either pulled out, used a condom, or both. *[joke]Can't wear a face bandana, ride a horse instead of a giant truck, or settle for manually operated tube fed firearms either thier cowboy ancestors would be ashamed[/joke]*
Yes. It is semi difficult to make them. It's not a pill that can be pressed from powder making 1000s a minute. But the more companies forced to make these, the bigger the supply. The difficult part is the time. Not actually growing the antibodies in the medium. It's time consuming but if you have 10 labs making them, do it. 

Second, you want to really help people. 100 bucks to get vaccinated. And 3 weeks after the 2nd shot, another 100 bucks to donate plasma. We would have so much plasma that anyone that came to the hospital with shortness of breath could be given this plasma with antibodies that it will jump start the fighting off of the virus, giving our body a head start if the immune response is lacking. It should even help with the cytokine storm because those antibodies will attack covid immediately, reducing the amount of covid in our body a bit.
You do realize they need to live as the opposite gender and go through multiple full psychological evaluations before you even take your first pill right?  The process takes years before treatment even starts.
yup...not much you can do when the stupid as hell populace elects a dipshit like donald trump...cause it's one thing to have stupid ideas but you just spout them on twitter but it's another thing to elect a president with those same ideas, senators, etc (or they pretend to support said ideas for the base).

I don't have a better system but fuck me is it a tough pill to swallow watching a president deny objective reality to waste billions of dollars.
&gt;Asked about the tentative plans, Trump spokesman Jason Miller said: “These losers left the Republican Party when they voted for Joe Biden

I wonder what the definition of a "loser" is for an admitted customer of prostitutes who also drugged a woman with an abortion pill, nearly putting her in a coma in the process.
Do the Republicans not believe that they are destroying their own party by embracing all of this unchecked radicalism (QAnon, Proud Boys, etc)??

Trumpism is a candy-coated cyanide pill for your core values.
Jason Miller, a man who slipped an abortion pill in the drink of his mistress, is making statements for a known liar.

Excuse me if I don't believe a word.

Trump wants to get out there and hold rallies, make speeches etc. This trial is putting a stink on him that's going to hurt that effort.

He's sitting in mar-a-lago raging at the TV.
My Pill-ow!  My Pill-ow!
I mean, one side is actually taking legislative action with bills that a large majority of the country wants, while the other side for the last 12 years has done nothing but stall, slip poison-pill amendments, demand huge compromises &amp; still vote against it even if they get everything they ask for.
While I'm certainly down for that, the major problem of dark money in politics via Citizen's United has been the poison pill that's killing the country.  Two parties *without* Citizens United would still be better than multiple parties *with* CU.

Multiple parties *and* no CU... That's the dream, baby.  Almost starting to feel like real democracy
Even a person as toxic as Bill Barr couldn't swallow a poison pill that large and expect to escape it unscathed. 

There are people in prison to this day that have been there for decades, simply for possessing amounts of marijuana that are legal in many parts of the country today. Letting Derek Chauvin off the hook with only ten years after that video that tore the country apart last year? The nation would've exploded. 

Even if it was likely solely for reasons of self-interest, this was still the right move on Barr's part.
[In an explosive new court filing, Delgado’s legal team alleges that Miller—prior to their own high-profile extramarital romance—carried out an affair with a woman he met at an Orlando strip club. Additionally, the court documents claim, when the woman found out she was pregnant, Miller surreptitiously dosed her with an abortion pill without her knowledge, leading, the woman claims, to the pregnancy’s termination and nearly her death.](https://splinternews.com/court-docs-allege-ex-trump-staffer-drugged-woman-he-got-1829233105)

Human thumb, Jason Miller, is a horrible excuse for a human thumb.
Jason Miller is most notable as the overwhelming search result when the phrase “abortion pill smoothie guy” is googled.
Fucking how? Really fucking how? This is hard enough to watch. Talk about a black pill nothing fucking matters anymore folks.
I'm sure they will come out with a pill any day now.
Who's saying he actually read it, probably got a quick run down from pill poppin cancer ridden rush and claimed he read all about it.
&gt;Stop with the “it will never get enough votes”

I posted early this morning (AU time) about an interview I saw with historian [Heather Cox Richardson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ry7vSMgfESQ).

She made the case that the 2/3rds majority to convict only need to be Senators present rather than in total.

This allows the Senators in an impossible position of wanting to convict Trump but needing the base, can instead do some grandstanding and just not show up for the conviction vote/rest of the trial.

They could, in theory, go on Fox News and say something like "I voted that this trial is unconstitutional and I refuse to participate in this farce any longer" and it makes it easier to get rid of Trump from the party, while still maintaining a MAGA posture.

For example, let's say the 55 Senators that have opted to convict already stay solid. That means 18 Senators can grandstand and not participate. For 56 Senators, only 16 need to bow out, for 57 is 15, 58 is 13 and so on.

You could even have some Senators suddenly "need to quarantine" due to Covid. There are lots of possibilities in this problem space and making it an easier pill to swallow, while still maintaining control of the party.
Is there a source on the sleeping pill thing?
&gt;Joe Biden has only been president for three weeks.

Uh, can we all take a collective chill pill? Maybe wait until the end of his 100 day period before ranking him on the 1-Obama scale?
I agree.  The relief bill should about temporary measures scoped to the problem.  The minimum wage item should be its own legislation.  In fact I think everything should work that way.  Single item legislation so no one can insert a poison pill into a bill
I had honestly not googled Balkanization to see what the most popular definition is. I don’t like that one - it subsumes the inevitability of violence into the word, which I find less than helpful - the point of such words is to encapsulate a flexible idea succinctly that would otherwise be wordy and cumbersome. Bah.

Anyway, the definition I would use is the political  fragmentation of a country into its ethnic and cultural parts. It’s not an ideal, it’s nobody’s concept of what the optimal situation is, but if a country becomes too unwieldy to cohesively manage, it seems inevitable - and the management of that decline is what would save lives. You cannot tell me with a straight face that this country being impossible to manage is a crazy idea right now. The left and liberals supported a Kurdish state, and other breakaway states across the globe, for this very reason - it is just a hard pill to swallow that we might soon find ourselves in a similar position.
I hope the republicans who weren't in on this realize the poison pill they're swallowing for \*all of us\* if they choose to acquit.
There are online services where you fill out forms for a prescribing medical professional to look at later. They’re basically pill mills and I don’t condone them, but if you hate interviews that much it’s definitely an option.
My health insurance covers an ambulance ride *if* I am admitted to the hospital. So if I get in an ambulance I am in the position of having to hope it’s bad and not a false alarm or I’ll get a multi-thousand dollar bill. My husband and I have a pact that unless someone is unconscious or bleeding out, we’re driving or calling an uber. 

My kid once swallowed a pill he shouldn’t have - $2000k for the ER visit, *with* insurance. He turned out fine and we had the money. But given that they just ran a bunch of tests and observed him, I can imagine a family with fewer resources just taking their chances the next time, and maybe not getting lucky.
Is he though?

Most of the candidates whom Trump endorsed during his 4 years lost their elections. His two hand-picked congressional appointees lost re-election to Democrats in a deeply red state.

It seems like Trump's support is more of a poison pill than an election booster.

His only notable election "success" is MTG who has been a disaster so far and was very quickly stripped of her committee assignments making her basically powerless in Congress. I doubt she lasts her full term.
No the issue is unhedged inflation. During the last 12 months we have increased the dollar supply by 40% while keeping interest rates near zero. Yes the minimum wage needs to be raised, we also have to look at how we are fiscally destroying this country. 

The top 1% are destroying this country. Increase taxes for the wealthy. Hold Wall Street and our politicians accountable.

A hard pill to swallow is that this pandemic has destroyed the economy and now people rely on government welfare instead of working to earn a paycheck.
It's a very nice poison pill for the GQP. The active ingredient works greatly and there is no antidote known to date.
I also heard the rapes were very gentle too and afterwards the rapists paid for the morning after pill, STD tests, and 6months of therapy.
People old enough to remember the Ron Paul presidential run I think all thought libertarianism was the magic solution to everything. It's crazy how many people Ron Paul got on the side of libertarianism. It was a huge wild ride, probably the first presidential run to be basically all on the Internet. I remember when I was like 16 and didn't know much about politics or economics, and thinking Ron Paul was a genius and the free market will solve everything. But then I grew up and got a politics degree
  
It was really bizarre though. Very much like how Bernie Sanders later managed to get Conservatives to like him. Whenever Bernie did a town hall with conservatives in the crowd, they really liked him. It was like that. People who'd never have agreed with libertarianism before were suddenly staunch advocates of it because it sounded like this magic pill that would cure everything wrong with society. It didn't matter how realistic it was.
    
It's a good memory. Because it was so nuts. I think a lot of it as well was that this was still in the first few years of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars and Ron Paul was very much against foreign interventionism. He wanted the US to be isolationist, not interfere with other countries at all. And so that appealed to a lot of people cos it was one of the most bipartisan movements at the time if not ***the*** most. People on the left and right hated the war. And the marches against the wars I believe broke attendance records for political matches. At least the ones here in the UK did. The biggest political marches ever. Because everyone hated the idea. And Ron Paul was saying what everyone wanted to hear, stop these dumb wars. Even here in the UK Ron Paul had a following. It was so nuts. A fun time to be on the Internet for sure.
well we already know my idea works, and we have the science to back it. without infringing on anyone’s constitutional right to an abortion. [^(1)](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/)
We’ve got to get out there and red pill as many sheeple as we can before it is too late!
I mean, you are not wrong about Boomers getting the pill and then a bunch of them becoming pro-lifers, but I attribute that to Boomers just being selfish. Gen Z is not selfish, and I would argue AOC has at least three decades of "I told you so" on the Green New Deal alone as we face weather crisis after crisis. I can't predict the future, but I currently see income inequality, racist white people, declining churches, crushing student loan debt, and how COVID has shown that health care should be a human right and that grocery workers are essential and deserve $15/hr. It looks like a pretty good trendline for AOC and the progressive left to become mainstream.
As a person who lost two loved ones during this and hasn't had a funeral or burial or mausoleum for either, it's been incredibly difficult to move on. I feel like we're all in some kind of twilight zone. Some portion or all of our stimulus will go towards property burial/mausoleum. But the bigger thing is that even working from home, you bring up someone dying and it still, weirdly, feels like "well that won't affect work much, will it?" 

This country is a sick, callous, sometimes even sadistic place, and it ain't just cause of COVID 19. You have people saying nobody really died, it's all a hoax, wanting to spread this shit further. There aren't any easy answers, I know, but the grief and the feeling like we have some kind of scarlet letter cause we lost people and our own government response is partially responsible... its a tough pill to swallow. And also seemingly impossible to mentally move on until these things are done.
Does that mean the morning-after pill would be illegal?  Is hormonal birth-control (which can inhibit implantation) exempted?
Got banned on askscience for saying this: Just got banned for this It will never end the government and pharmaceutical companies are making a crap ton off of this, they will now continue to make bs medicine and convince you to take it, if you do statistics on the Covid 19, you will find that there is a 99.9 percent chance of recovery, more people doe every year from alcohol or cigarettes than this, take the red pill 💊😉, what do you guys think
Just got banned for this It will never end the government and pharmaceutical companies are making a crap ton off of this, they will now continue to make bs medicine and convince you to take it, if you do statistics on the Covid 19, you will find that there is a 99.9 percent chance of recovery, more people doe every year from alcohol or cigarettes than this, take the red pill 💊😉
Just got banned for this It will never end the government and pharmaceutical companies are making a crap ton off of this, they will now continue to make bs medicine and convince you to take it, if you do statistics on the Covid 19, you will find that there is a 99.9 percent chance of recovery, more people doe every year from alcohol or cigarettes than this, take the red pill 💊😉
Ahh the mythical "reasonable" Trump supporter. They can be turned back to sanity with a bit of powdered unicorn horn thats been melted into a pill by dragon's breath, right?
ITT most frequently: Progressives going after moderate Democrats for not going for this heavily enough. 

ITT second most frequently: Moderate Dems going after progressives for putting poison pill wishlist items in much needed relief packages. 

ITT barely: acknowledgement that Republicans will never support a budget that has this attached to it. 

ITT not at all: meaningful discussions about minimum wage policy.
Who cares? Take a chill pill. It’s absolutely relevant
Killed by a hoax. Tough pill to swallow.
Sadly true, a Republican legislative bill to legalize medical marijuana in pill form (for strictly limited conditions like MN’s medical and IL’s old medical provisions) only couldn’t even get traction in the republican controlled legislature a couple years back.
I know quite a few Democrats that are not in favor of it and no Republicans I have ever met endorse the concept. While, “in my personal experience,” always makes for bad science, that conflicts with every real world interaction I’ve had in 46 years. I have a tough time swallowing that pill without digging into source data. Just smells wrong.
Yes it would be a net savings. But in reality, no amount of context would defeat that poison pill. She knew how to make it work with specifics instead of Bernie’s vague promises. There was absolutely no reason for Bernie supporters to turn on her the way they did. 

The problem with Bernie and his fans is that they’re out of touch with what gets results. What has Bernie accomplished besides being a career politician? Exactly. Warren created the CFPB and was a Harvard Law Professor. She knows how to get things done.
I think the Electoral College is one reason why people say “ we’re not a democracy, we are a republic”. I’ve even said it a few times. In fact even Wikipedia refers to America as a flawed democracy. I hope eventually America can go to just the popular vote for electing the US president. I’m tired of seeing the democratically elected president lose as often as they do. Fortunately this time around things worked out And we had a election I see as democratic but too many other times it was a hard pill to swallow to see the discrepancy between the results of the elector votes for one person and the millions of US citizen votes for another person. Like in Trump versus Clinton. You have to admit that when you have a 2 million+ vote advantage for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Who lost by 2,000,000+ votes is declared the winner. That is a pretty flawed democracy, and some might argue not a democracy.
You guys realize that the Democrats consist of a wide-ranging coalition right?

The push to reduce eligibility to supposedly prevent people who don't need it from getting it is being pushed by the conservative edges of the party such as Joe Manchin. As it stands, President Biden has made no indication that he's inclined to agree with that since he had already proposed to just maintain the current cutoff that the initial $600 was sent out on when he submitted the bill to Congress. 

Sites like Common Dreams editorialize about as bad as Fox News. Divisiveness drives clicks, and they could care less what the general picture looks like. I'm sure they could've written an article with the positions reversed with Manchin talking about revolting if Social Dems push a "poison pill" by making it $2,000 every month for the rest of 2021. But they know the demographic that clicks on their site for daily outrage.
This situation?  I don't think there's a good way to handle it.  Manchin seems to be channeling Joe Lieberman, and we're in a situation where any democrat can sink any bill.  This is exactly the situation we'd expect Biden to be most effective explaining as a centrist to other conservative democrats how maybe we shouldn't fuck our constituents over and break electoral promises in order to make our legislation more acceptable to conservatives that won't vote for it any way.  

The best plan i can conceive of would be to get a bill acceptable to all democrats before taking the bill to republicans, and punish defectors within the party (probably by losing committees if you vote against it or poison pill it.)
That's been a proposal floated around mostly in the media to generate talking points but the senators trying to poison pill this stimulus is very real. This is why we needed someone like Bernie in charge. Because if this stimulus would have been decided by 45 lawyers it would have been given to 200 people all of which are family members of those senators lol
It's so weird how Al-bundy effectively parodied the red pill and the alt-right 20 years before it was a thing.
Yes, but that doesn't mean a good amount of people don't believe the conspiracies. The conspiracies have transcended Q and some people just take the pill without knowing the origin.
They do need to target the spending better.  Small businesses are not being represented well.  One business owner said he was debt free at he beginning at of March and is now about 1 million in debt.  The first “loan program” was a joke.  Forgivable IF you kept your employees, but with the shut down there were no customers.  But with Covid disinfection, PPE costs, training costs increasing the monthly spending, it quickly ate up any loan amount.  Trumps plans always seemed to have a “poison pill” attachment to everyone but the Uber-rich.  They were rewarded scott-free.  So much for traditional Republican spending diatribes.
Based on trumps tax cuts, those of us who make under 75k a year will see our taxes go up in 2021 and I think also in 2023, 2025, and 2027... so leaving that poison pill the republicans left in will increase our taxes and then republicans in 2022 and beyond will shout that democrats raised your taxes when it was in fact a Republican bill and republicans house, senate, and president that signed that bill into place
I can't help you understand that there is other context that is being omitted here. You are going to swallow whatever pill the spin machine is going to feed you and that's on you.
I think the answer is ever so quite simple. Letting go admits that they lost and that it'll destroy what they've built which is a cult made up of brainless followers who are easily manipulated. It's a tough pill to swallow to realize that the power that they once had is dying and a huge portion of this is due to the stupidity and greed of one clown.

I've said this before and I'll say it again, the universe hates the orange menace. Just look at everything he's done with his life. Everything he's done has led him to this moment and on top of it all he brought down a corrupted political party as well as though it was all by design.
Because Biden made a promise to the American people, and they want to make him look bad. They say they want to "modify" the distribution but they always wait until the last second and throw in a poison pill to make sure nothing gets done. They never deal in good faith.
I'd doubt that. Utah cons took the trump pill around 2018.
And we're not talking Mitt Romney, Lisa Murkowski, Stern Letter Susie red.

 Hell we're not even talking Mitch McConnell Lindsey Graham red. 

We're talking full on Ted Cruz, Josh Hawley, Kelly Loeffler red.

Be thankful we've got Manchin. He takes tough votes that aren't popular at home for Democrats regularly which is why I still maintain he wont vote to kill the bill. 

For all the Senate Republicans bluster about 'bipartisanship' the fact of the matter is the relief bill enjoys bipartisan public support. If Republican Senators want to vote against a bill to provide aid their constituents want and need that's a failure on their part to promote bipartisanship. 

It provides real tangible benefits to the citizens and government of West Virginia and I believe he'll vote for it. 

I know it's a tough pill for everyone on here to swallow but I do believe they're going to reduce the proposed increase to the minimum wage....

 I dont think they should since I think they can lean on Manchin to vote for the bill anyway but I'm betting that they will cave on it just to say they provided concessions to somebody.
Honestly they’re looking for pill abusers most of the time, nothing more American than an opioid addiction courtesy of the healthcare system and taking painkillers not prescribed to you is a big problem in a job where chronic hip/back/knee pain is common. Narcotic pain killers and operating heavy ass cruisers while armed isn’t a great combo (shocker). Obviously the using of seized narcotics happens because when Florida deputy man does it all the major networks cover it but that’s a drop in the bucket to the amount of cops taking their family or friend’s prescription drugs because their doctor wouldn’t renew their oxy or whatever. That’s an issue with lots of people obviously and I agree with the anti-testing mentality in this thread but cops, firefighters, semi truck drivers and anybody operating heavy machinery probably shouldn’t have stuff in their system that shouldn’t be there. Getting tested for your retail, IT job, etc, is complete bullshit though, who cares?
This isn't true. It was rejected because of a section that removed any liability of a business if it's employees got sick at work, ie the Republican poison pill. It had nothing to do with it specifically being from Trump.
They do have in pill form. Accidentally took one for a cancer patient once, worst high of my life.
I already take it in pill form, actually. 

Cannacaps.
He wasn't allowed to look at it because of the obvious connections to Russia.  Dumbass didn't realize that was a poison pill and the whole investigation was a waste because of it.
You love getting involved in other peoples lives you sound like hitler. Yeah people fuck up man but fuck take a chill pill 💊
But you don't even have to smoke it anymore. Take an edible. How long before they figure out how to properly dose it and just put it into pill form? "Small high, medium high, big high. What were you looking for sir?"
Umm mate, what the fuck does mlk have to do with ghandi being racist and pervy? Moreover, what the fuck does westerners causing famine in india have to do with it.

I think you need to take a fucking pill, relax, and realize that the person you look up to was also kind of shitty. And the very carefully spun tale of ghandi isn’t as close to truth as you think it is.
My health insurance doesn’t pay for the cannabis that I use to treat my health problems. As much as I hate big pharma, I’d love to be able to go the pharmacy and get a consistent, well regulated product in a pill form that I can take every morning that is covered by my insurance and only costs me 5 dollars.
I agree, if change is always happening it can be incremental and an easy pill to swallow. However, it’s been a long time since we’ve done anything close to progressive changes so now we need to make drastic changes and continue to improve. We will be back in the same place again taking a giant leap when small steps would have gotten us there with so much less pain
&gt; I’m sorry that you suffered.

Thank you...I know I said it was a bitter pill, what is even bitter and ironic is that now it is legal where I live, I cannot afford it. But I am not bitter, I am happy that the modern witch hunt that was the war on drug seems to wind down...but never forget.
No. it's Pill Murray, from Dustbusters.
&gt; Getting input from stakeholder groups will be an important part of developing this critical legislation.

An appeal to those who profited from the prohibition to also profit from the legalization...people like [John Boehner](https://www.npr.org/2019/03/16/704086782/john-boehner-was-once-unalterably-opposed-to-marijuana-he-now-wants-it-to-be-leg). It is a bitter pill for those like me who suffered from the war on us...
Here is the most bitter pill. 

Karl Marx was right.
No doubt it's a terrible publication, but I think we can all agree that we don't want mail carriers selectively not delivering mail based on their personal beliefs.  "I don't believe in the welfare state, so I'm not going to deliver these pension cheques."   "I don't believe in abortion rights, so I'm not going to deliver this RU-486 pill."  Nothing good comes from that.
Ah, yeah, I'm not as familiar with Canadian prescribing practices. Here, benzos are shunned similarly to opioids. Back in the day, literally all you had to do was ask for it (and sometimes not even that).


Your friend definitely needs some education on effective drug policy. The English had a system from the 60s to 80s (can't remember exact years). A doctor prescribed whatever you were dependent on, heroin in several forms, methadone, benzos, cocaine, whatever. You went through them to guarantee a safe supply and sound medical advice. Deaths related to it immediately and consistently dropped off (fun fact: the guy who prescribed literally never lost a patient while literally giving out speedballs), organized crime took a massive financial hit, and addicts were able to stabilize their lived. "Enabling" doesn't factor into it. It's why there has been no significant drug drought *ever* in the black markets of the west. 


Sorry if I seemed a little defensive earlier. It's a sensitive issue for me. I was caught up in one of the first waves effected by pill mills, and nobody gave a shit, and now sometimes when I hear people talk about it like it's new like 15 years later I can get a little abrasive about it. I lost almost everyone I grew up with to this, so I can sometimes get frustrated by the path these events took.
Politics. It's not just a thumbs up or down from donors. There is a lot of potential for political points to be won. If Biden can negotiate a bi-partisan bill it would be a huge win for him. Similarly, a lot of the GOP don't want to vote no on a relief bill. Lowering the total price will make it an easier pill to swallow.
We’re not Portugal though. I love the progressive response here, but I’ve heard dope addicts/pill heads say they’re moving out there because of this. I just fear we’ve opened a box we cannot close
And who should take these racists in? Is some other country going to take care of them?
I think they are shitstains too, but deporting them won't make them go away. 

Unless yall wanna like, plop them down in the middle of the Atlantic ocean on a little raft with one cyanide pill each, that could work too.
My question is can I see a therapist before turning to drugs, or do I have to get addicted first? This isn't sarcasm. I'm on medicaid, good luck getting an appointment with a therapist whose very first reaction to "I haven't felt joy in years" is "here's a pill" after waiting MONTHS to see said therapist. My mother was abusive and a hardcore gypsy so we moved A LOT (3 schools in one year is my record) and she took me to dozens and dozens of therapists to find one to diagnose me with a bunch of stuff to get on welfare. Out of said dozens of therapists, I've not had a single one actually help me,  they just sit there quietly, writing stuff that I never see, and then at the end they lean over and hand me a prescription. Once I hit adult and got away from her, I stopped going and turned to weed. Now I'm addicted to the habit. Will the therapists actually help? Are the therapists in Oregon any different than the ones in Hungary, Washington or Australia? (As I said, gypsy.) If they are, can I just go visit them?
Not to be a pill but this is what happens when a lot of your service members tend to be fresh high school graduates who go into a career where they are taught to follow orders and the person who screams the loudest is obviously the right one.

What did we expect?
It is a bitter pill that both the party and the voters will spit out.
I guess counting all those years of pill counting melts the mind
The fire of misinformation was lit by bad education, misrepresentation, and the spoils of a generation fed privilege, greed, narcissism, all on the backs of a war we didn’t cause, didn’t want to fight, and many believed was “for the greater good to stay out of”. They believed they were the police of the world and did not care much for the real cause of inalienable human rights or the crushing weight of what autocracies or treasonous rulers do to the country at large. We are slowly sliding back in the neutral gear of the boomers failed trick down economics and conservative ideals, while the only thing to actually put us in gear to move forward are the generation that spend the waking hours scrolling Instagram, Reddit, Facebook, etc Pick you poison. Only good smart young people can reverse this downhill slide, but it means swallowing the bitter pill of public office. The greater good is a mind numbing job for the people, by the people, and paid for by tax dollar.
I mean the joke is literally on everyone who believed this.

While Donald Trump holds a special position amongst the Shit Elite, these Democrats in power now all come **from the same club**.

The same club that **could not buy Bernie Sanders off** and thusly prevented him from becoming the Democratic nominee for POTUS over Joe Biden when suddenly everyone dropped out and even Elizabeth Warren *turned her back on her convictions* and refused to support Bernie, whose very platform she was co-opting and successfully stealing.

I still can’t believe everyone thought he was going to get in power and send out $2,000 checks. He seems absolutely reticent to send checks for even $1,400.

They’re all **the same people** red/blue pill, this isn’t the Matrix because there isn’t a difference.

**MONEYOUTOFPOLITICS**
**TWOPARTYSYSTEMSDONTWORK**
Things nobody is going to care about in 2022: the filibuster, whether Congress passed bipartisan relief, and Congress being too generous during a fucking pandemic. This is a poison pill.
I think it's a poison pill, instead of bernie just saying what he wants and being a thorn in their side, he now has to deal with everyone who wants things. If he doesn't compromise,  they will attack him for being unrealistic and holding everything up, if he does compromise, they'll paint him as selling out on all the things he has said. I think he'll do a fantastic job, but I see it as the corporate democrats trying to damage the image of the reformists in the party.
Take a pill and go lay down. And stop trying to make antifa happen. It’s not a thing. Hasn’t been a thing. And isn’t going to be a thing.
We don't need to address Citizens United to establish Public Campaign Financing, folks. That's purely a poison pill the DNC uses to keep from having to do this. The RNC just ignores the issue.

We already have all sorts of restrictions on candidate campaign contributions, so we can easily just expand on or add more. Specifically:

Provide media vouchers for all qualified candidates (see other countries on how to do this and how we ID debate candidates, etc.)

Require ALL media networks (broadcast, cable, Internet) to take these vouchers for air time as a condition of their license to broadcast/transmit/operate in the US (we already have such requirements for the public good)

Negotiate a fair (but not ridiculous) air time compensation rate with these networks (see how we mandate public service announcements, etc.)

Limit elections to 6-8 weeks before the vote, since we don't need two years of fundraising anymore (which is all the current runups are). This also limits the whining of corporate owned media networks.

Don't worry about Citizens United/PACs/etc. Since these are already restricted to Issue Ads and not direct candidate advertising, this doesn't represent lobbyist cash going directly into the pockets of every elected official. The rules above end this entirely and are only extensions of what rules we already have in place.

Now our elected officials don't need to fundraise at all. Which means they are not beholden to corporations for the millions needed for media buys. Which means lobbyists lose virtually all of their leverage. Which means our politicians de facto work for all of us again. 

None of this requires a Constitutional Amendment restricting free speech, etc. folks.

And all of it can be done tomorrow.

But the DNC and RNC are wholly corporate controlled now, so they have no incentive to do this. They know if they do, they won't just face one Bernie Sanders, but thousands of them. The rich and corporations would see their taxes nominally raised as America enacts proven, affordable, sane, citizen first policies and systems to the benefit of all of us.  And they can't have that now, can they?

Reminder: The RNC just ignores the issue of election reform. While the DNC plays lip service to this but actively blocks any real reform by using the unnecessary poison pill of a constitutional amendment to fix "Citizens United". It's designed to make them sound like a party that wants to reform this (to fool all of us) but guarantee they never have to actually do this (thus kicking the can down the road over and over again). 

As I have detailed above, we don't need to do this to actually fix the system. They know this...and now so do you.
Don’t give an inch ever, I’m a left winger but I will never give an inch because shit like HR 127 is what too many Dems want (forced registration, confiscation, licensing, bans on anyone whose ever been diagnosed with any mental illness from owning guns including depression). Gun control is a poison pill, the laws are fine where they are the problems in terms of violence are social and social issues like wealth inequality and lead poisoning need to be addressed. Outright banning something like a quarter of all Americans from owning guns won’t do anything other than create a lot of criminals overnight.

https://www.congress.gov/bill/117th-congress/house-bill/127/text here’s the text
&gt; Because someone who made them feel welcome, important and smart told them.

Can you explain how our true stories, which are fairly bitter and difficult, will compete with honeyed lies, when the audience is people who have abandoned the use of reason, logic, science and even truth itself?

I mean, what is the actual truth?   

A man could graduate high school in 1950, go work in a factory, a _union_ factory, have a stay-at-home wife and kids, pay off everything and retire in comfort - and that statement was still true 20 years later.  A life of comfort and security for two generations.

But by 1990 it took two parents working to get the same.  Today in 2021, it's worse, because everything is built on disruption and insecurity so stability is impossible.

Are they really going to be happy when they learn that their beloved Reagan and Bush and Bush and Trump actually orchestrated the looting of the economy?  

That it isn't OSHA and the EPA that destroyed them or the Socialist Democrats?

That for two generations, they've backed the people who stole their future, and the unions that they were taught to hate were the people they actually had their back?

And worse - that constant exponential growth is destroying our very planet, and that we have to reign back capitalism and growth if we are to have any hope of surviving the century?

How bitter a pill is that to swallow?  That everything you have believed was wrong, and a transparent tissue of lies, and your whole future was stolen from you by fast-talking con artists?

How much easier is it to believe MAGA and Clean Coal and it's just the Jewish Socialist Black Muslim Environmentalist Vegans who are holding back patriotic American workers?
Which is an absolute non-starter. Direct payments and funds to maintain state's budgets is the absolute minimum baseline for preventing immediate economic collapse. And, of course, bad-faith poisson-pill "compromises" from Republicans wouldn't be complete without a healthy dose of hypocrisy. The "blue-lives matter" party yet again shows their contempt for cops: if states budgets fall short, cops, firefighters, &amp; teachers will face layoffs.
Speaking of Mark Cuban (one of the few good billionaires lol) has started a new generic drug company that will produce affordable versions of wildly overpriced life saving drugs. Drugs costing up to 200+ per pill (yes that’s not a typo) will cap their cost at 15 dollars per pill and most much cheaper.....also he will produce the drugs in a new production facility here in Dallas creating jobs locally. This world needs more capitalists that aren’t greedy self centered assholes.
Come on. Don't be stupid.  
It would be something like this:  
"Do you want the Red pill today?"  
"Yes. I'm exhausted."  
"Ok then."  
The prisoner is taken to a small comfortable room, given the red pill and a glass of water, then left alone. When the door closes, the room is sealed off from the outside, and never opened again.
(Lets out a sigh 😔)....Listen. I get it. In an ideal nation, the minimum wage would have been tied to inflation changes for the past 40-50 years; And if that had been the situation, then realistically, a fair minimum wage would be closer to $22-$23 which is far above the $15 that is being proposed. But we have to understand just how stifled this country has been in its view on progress for fair wage increases for literally generations. While the majority view has moved in the direction of wage increases and the Democratic Party now is in a position with control of the executive and legislative branches to make a difference, many still live in absolute terror that a change of this nature would destroy the economy.

Now while the very concept of the largest economy in the world collapsing due to paying individuals livable wages to get them above the poverty line is ridiculous; we need to show the overall larger population that this fear is baseless by taking smaller steps in the right direction. Even if we have to drag them along kicking and screaming to do it.

Raising the minimum wage to $15 will not solve the overall wage gap inequality that this country has been battling with for generations, especially if we do it incrementally while inflation continues to grow; but it can show moderate conservatives (not extremists that will be will unmoved no matter what evidence is provided to them), that making these changes will have a large, net positive effect on our nation and that it will not create the apocalyptic negative fallout that conservative media has lead them to believe. It can also help to start raising those living below the poverty line up to a higher quality of life.

We need to move the ball down the field. When you have positive momentum, you don’t throw a a hail marry that is doomed to fail 99% of the time when you have other options and the time to pursue those options. That is not how you win. Neither in sports (which I felt was an apt metaphor for this situation), in politics, or in life. You win by achieving small victories that eventually build to a larger goal. By getting that metaphorical “1st down” in order to get more attempts to work towards that metaphorical “touchdown” in the future.

Moving the current starting point closer to where you want to end up will make it a much easier pill for a larger number of people to swallow when you eventually take the big step in order to land where your main goal is.

Which of the following policy presentations will create more outrage and pushback?

1. Let’s nearly triple the minimum wage from $7.25 to $20. I know your scared that this will create large firings in an environment where unemployment is already very low, but just trust us that this will help you in the long run.

2. Or in 1-5 years.
Let’s increase the minimum wage from $15 - ($20 - $25) and tie it to inflation increases moving forward. As we previously showed with the last increase, these kind of increases had a massive impact on helping to re-kickstart our down economy and helped to reduce the overall poverty level of citizens throughout the country.

Like I said, I get it. I want to progress too and it’s so frustrating that we are being hamstrung by the lowest common denominators, but we have to achieve the small victories and start pushing these starting lines to the point where the end goals become reasonable objectives for our to country to achieve.
Racism is real on both sides. It’s such a loose term thrown around that the word itself has lost its potency. Do all races and religions experience racism? I believe so. Racism is the fuel needed to keep the mass population divided and at bay. 
Racism exists, but systemic racism against black people is a hard pill for me to swallow. What federal government policies are directly made to harm black Americans? 

So to answer your question yes racism exists on all sides and yes it is a tool the elites use to divide and conquer.
and this is why it will stay $7.25.

they could shoot for a reasonable increase that could actually happen to $9 or $10, but instead they're shooting for extreme targets while the fringe elements of the party just remind everyone that the  proposals could be even more insane (and that even if the minimum wage WAS $15 people would immediately be screaming how it's not a living wage and a new target would be demanded).

best thing the american people could hope for is that biden stops using this as a tactic to delay stimulus checks and decouples this poison pill.
I have always wondered what it would take for Republican Jews, Republican blacks,  Republican Hispanics, and all the other minority group members who somehow call themselves member of a Party that is absolutely their enemy, to realize what sort of self-destructive idiocy they've gotten themselves into. Now if only the poor and middle class Republicans could take the fricking red pill too.
Biden’s job seems to be having to search out the POS poison pill folks that Trump left behind throughout all parts of the federal government.
Biden’s job seems to be having to search out the POS poison pill folks that Trump left behind.
Democrats refused to swallow a poison pill that republicans added in that would have been detrimental to front line workers across the country. Letting corporations force workers to work in unsafe conditions with impunity would have been a death sentence for many.
turns out if you spend 40 years trying to sabotage a democracy with bad faith negotiations and poison pill legislation that people stop taking you seriously when you say you you want to be part of governing.
I hear ya. When I heard about RobinHood and other $0 brokers, and the fact that they sell immediate purchase information to their hedge partners who have microsecond transaction opportunity to profit on the time difference, my gut sank.

The financial red pill is tough to swallow.
Way to make sure there's a better chance they become felons again.  This is like 'fixing' abortion by banning it.  It doesn't work.  You bring down the rates with education and access to BC.  And there's [proof](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/) to back that up but they won't listen, and won't practice any kind of sacrifice-based leadership.  It's all about fear with these assholes.  They make their constituents fear something, and then they fear their constituents when their frankenstein gets loose.  Tossers, the lot.
I do get that what you've explained is the prevailing common sense. But, using this excuse, militarism is really almost NEVER brought up these days. How do you acclimatise folk to an idea you never bring up? &amp; is there evidence that, say, getting someone on board with free health care makes them more amenable to swallowing the anti-imperialist pill? Britain established its free health service with the proceeds of imperialism -- there's not much justice in servicing core populations while exploiting the periphery.
Actually no. It was because the native indian all died and could not work anymore.

Also remember that slavery comes from the word Slav, which are white, blond and blue eyes. Not your typical african race. Slavery is a lot older than then new world. Racism was simply a mean to: a. Get the poor white accept their situation, because even if they were poor, at least they were white, and b. Because slavery is not easy to sell, so picturing someone as interior made the pill sweeter
Well, they shouldn't. The GOP clearly wants to dumb down and delay the stimulus through so-called negotiations in the name of "unity" where they will ultimately refude to support the awful $200 billion package they force the Dems to agree to anyway because they refused to add some unrelated poison pill amendment unrelated to it (like a rule restricting abortion funding) at the 11th hour.
If someone gets that fourth, all the 3 Comma people may need to go on suicide watch.  Its gonna be a tough pill to swallow for them
That isn’t too far from the truth.  They did this in the jobs act.  Remember the new local small businesses markets that were going to help small business?  Because of this poison pill not in the Bill but regulated by the SEC It turned into a real estate holdings markets everywhere further hindering small business
Ahh yes. Took some Pepto. Inequality is over. I can sleep easy now. 

Just need to take the blue pill again.
Once upon a time there was a little red pill and a little blue pill. They didn’t always agree....they debated....but at the end of the day they could congregate together..... why??? It’s called freedom of speech. Remember that? Anyway...time went by and those two pills were divided and pitted against each other.....Then as those two pills were hanging out after a night of fun and games. Poker...etc.... They suddenly hear a strange knock on the door and OF COURSE they debated on who was going to open the door. Round and round they went... not surprised. Any hoo by some “apocalyptic miracle” they decided to open the door together...and to their surprise stood another pill. 
This pill had NO COLOR and the red pill and the blue pill were in awe! This pill had NO division. This pill only spoke the truth. The red pill and the blue pill listened to this strange clear pill and they finally came together because why?
The truth shall set you free! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏
Written by Katie Iglinski
No, I'm worried that enough people have a good deal that attempting to ruin that will kill the entire proposal. Better is the enemy of good. Make a single payer option, let people keep private of they want it, make single payer so good that no one will use private insurance. 

This is the model that exists in much of europe and the nordic countries. 

Banning private insurance will be a posion pill, I guarantee it.
Your own source shows 2 vital pieces of information you skipped over.

1. [Most M4A supporters think they'll be able to keep their health insurance.](https://www.kff.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Fig-11-Single-Payer-Chartpack-20200526.png?w=800) Only 35% understand what is being proposed, the elimination of private insurance, and only 24% of M4A supporters understand it.

2. Support for M4A [drops to 37%](https://www.kff.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Fig-9-Single-Payer-Chartpack-20200526.png?w=800) when people find out Sanders' plan eliminates private insurance.

The name "Medicare for All" polls well, but the moment people understand what it does then support drastically drops.

Please note that I support a single payer system, I just think eliminating optional private insurance is a really bad idea and a poison pill.
It's 100% about cost. I work in the industry and can tell you that the margins on shale wells (wells that generally need to be fracked) are very low. We're talking anywhere from 1 to $15 dollars per barrel depending on the company and the play. Recycling of water is becoming more common in certain areas as infrastructure for that purpose is built out, but additional cleaning or extraction costs a lot. Anything that cuts profit to the point where it no longer makes the company money, will be avoided unless required for safety or by law. It's a hard pill to swallow, I agree. When I first learned that it was possible to recycle frack water (in some cases)  and it wasn't always done, I was pretty disappointed.
Narrator from 2041: In response to the damage Trump did to their reputation, the so-called "pro-life" movement fully embraced sex-education initiatives and easy access to birth control, as well as the "morning-after" pill, which greatly reduced unwanted pregnancies' and thus the demand for abortions in the United States.

Don't envy me for being in a better timeline!!
Or the fact he was a pill popper (heroin addict), who smuggled pills across the boarder. The only reason he got off was, he was a rich and white.  His voice should have end at that point, like the rest of us, unless it was helping others with addiction while in incarcerated.
Fuck white and wight supremacy!


Can we lump white supremacists and all the garbage that supports then into ”wights” and be against wight supremacy? 


I'm possibly in error here, but I kind of hate that terrorists get lumped in with all of Islam and all Muslims are (and have been) painted bad in western media... especially the conservative and batshit psychic alt-right media. I wish there was a distinction.


I know when the discussion is male privilege and misogyny, a lot of male feathers get ruffled, and while it can (and usually is) used as a teachable moment, and am well aware of the gory details and the debate itself. I'm not on the front lines of the battle, but i am a feminist (and a lesbian, and white), and can't help but feel that the terminology used is a linguistic trap... probably because of the patriarchy :)


There's no good way to linguistically separate the ”good” males from the ignorant, or the immature, or the oblivious and won't care until it happens to my wife/daughter/gf then I'll become a feminist, or the misogynistic by habit, or the unapologetic misogynists, or the red-pill/incel jerks to whom casual and institutional misogyny is a warm-up act, recruiting tool, and seen as a really fun weapon to play with. besides, I'm not comfortable with the idea of the categorical judgement it entails. hell, I'm uncomfortable and dislike with the *implied^¹* judgement our current terminology uses, which I ended up in this morass of my own making.


By examination of this microcosm, I still feel the desire for our language to contain less implicit judgement, but I don't have a fix for it. 


- It bothers me when terrorists get lumped in with the vast majority of peaceful Islam


- It bothers me that Christianity gets special treatment in that it's almost never mentioned when Christian blows something up for what they describe as their ”Christian Morality”. 

- It bothers me that *when* Christianity is mentioned in these situations, it nearly always mentions the particular sect/cult/church, and tries to be as specific as possible², especially when group shaming can be specific enough to not have splatter consequences... like the Westboro Baptist Church³. 

- It bothers me that when a Wight is involved, it's not immediately called an act of terror, despite that Wight's political manifesto of hate clenched in one hand and the long gun in the other.

- It bothers me that if a Muslim, Black, Gay, Latino, or other minority flips their shit and does something a Wight would do that isn't considered a terroristic act, like fleeing a burning building, or [living in an apartment](https://www.fox2detroit.com/news/wrongfully-convicted-after-9-11-exonerated-detroit-man-becomes-us-citizen), gets pissed at his job and shoots a few people⁴.

- It bothers me that there was even a consideration of not punishing the Wight Coup Cuckoos.


In conclusion, language sucks and is arbitrarily unspecific and used for evil, but there's not much of anything I can do about it without making it worse. But, because 97.9% of all decisions are, after the facts have been determined and all possible decisions weighed and measured,  arguably based on whim... I'm going to start *explicitly* judging this shit and using the term Wight. Hopefully certain harmless undead aren't bothered, but Wight seems to fit the assholes in question, even the token minority that's playing along either because of hopes for power and acceptance, or because they're truly dumb and they're bigots on the inside as well. Wight is a big enough term for them, too. 


Ironically, the term Wight is inclusive, even if the people it describes *aren't*. You don't *have* to be a white supremacist (or sympathizer) to be a Wight Supremacist, but all white supremacists, sympathizers, and enablers are Wights. Heck, the assholes who aren't *personally* bigots, but play one on tv and fan the flames for profit are Wights, too.


Grrrtt! Fuck bigotry!

---


1: Whether or not implied judgement is still judgement is outside of my post's scope. By this date, the vast majority of folks involved in conversation regarding the ”male” bit in make privilege, male chauvinism, and whatnot knows that ”not all men” is *also* implied by the vast majority of actual feminists, and that feminists support men having rights as well... but are targeting women's inequality because it's their right to choose how to burn their own candle. [The Notorious RBG](https://www.npr.org/2020/09/24/916377135/pathmarking-the-way-ruth-bader-ginsburgs-lifelong-fight-for-gender-equality), a feminist *icon*, made a name for herself arguing (often successfully) for *men's* rights on her journey for equal rights.


--=


2: Probably to avoid dealing with as many of the ”Well, actually, it's not *all* Christians...” communications and people as possible. 


3: Ever notice that the bad news is *never* about ”The Baptists”, but always ”The Westboro Baptist Church”?


4: I went looking for specific examples, but in the 45 minutes I spent was unable to find a specific case due to search engine noise. I know this has happened a number of times: Murder happens, suspect is Muslim, News goes on about Terror Attack, turn out it wasn't terror, ”just” a crime. If you have a specific one, please link it!
Dems: want to flibuster a hypocritical, railroaded, lifetime appointment by a religiously compromised justice with little actual experience.

Reps: threatens to filibuster literally anything that would help people unless poison pill amendments about abortion are added into unrelated bills.

Yeah, these are the same.
Mitch was all for putting a poison pill in the covid relief bill. Trump is too dumb to realize that removing it would have been worse for him - he thought it would let him sue people for removing his lies. And the other right wingers just ate up the crap their tv told them to regurgitate

None of those people are free speech advocates.
“Take your red pill and put your MAGA hat on”
Which is about 99% actually. It isn't too hard when 97% of cases are resolved via plea bargain. 94% plea bargain rate for state cases. They stack charges and intimidate people into having to take their deal. 

They threatened to charge him with the firearm PER PILL(x6). That was certainly terrifying so 81 months seemed like the reasonable choice. I mean, he was guilty and there was no way to claim otherwise. He took responsibility and did his time. Not much else could be done. This is America.
He lets crazy conspiracy people on, like Alex Jones, and lets them spout bull shit. He sits there and just goes, oh, thats amazing, wow, no way and they get away with it. The few times they try and fact check they blow it and the conspiracy nuts get away with their BS.

He's like putting the red pill in some apple sauce to make it go down easier.
Or just pull out the ultimate poison pill and say they have no problems with Maryland annexing DC. It would force the democrats to admit they don’t actually care about the DC residents getting representation, but just want to rig the game in their favor.
Yeah I would say a *good* attorney could have, and should have argued that. Its the "in furtherance of" part that makes it a crime. It wasn't used to further or to advance the crime, which is the legal definition. 

He had a court appointed attorney who likely had hundreds of other cases as well and they stack charges to force a plea. It's just what they do. 97% of federal cases and 94% of state cases are resolved with a plea bargain. They threatened to charge him with the possession of a firearm charge PER PILL (X6), each with a mandatory minimum of 5 years. Facing that much time, or pleading guilty and getting out in under 6 years.. It wasnt really much of a choice. 

It was just a shitty situation, and he knew that he had committed the crime, so he didn't even feel like he had the right to try and fight it. He just took responsibility and did his time, however unfair the amount of time felt. At this point, we are just glad that it's over, aside from probation and that's no more than an inconvenience when you aren't doing anything wrong. Thanks for your comment though. Its appreciated.
Yeah I would say a *good* attorney could have, and should have argued that. Its the "in furtherance of" part that makes it a crime. It wasn't used to further or to advance the crime, which is the legal definition. 

He had a court appointed attorney who likely had hundreds of other cases as well and they stack charges to force a plea. It's just what they do. 97% of federal cases and 94% of state cases are resolved with a plea bargain. They threatened to charge him with the possession of a firearm charge PER PILL (X6), each with a mandatory minimum of 5 years. Facing that much time, or pleading guilty and getting out in under 6 years.. It wasnt really much of a choice. 

It was just a shitty situation, and he knew that he had committed the crime, so he didn't even feel like he had the right to try and fight it. He just took responsibility and did his time, however unfair the amount of time felt. At this point, we are just glad that it's over, aside from probation and that's no more than an inconvenience when you aren't doing anything wrong. Thanks for your comment though. Its appreciated.
Yeah I would say a *good* attorney could have, and should have argued that. Its the "in furtherance of" part that makes it a crime. It wasn't used to further or to advance the crime, which is the legal definition. 

He had a court appointed attorney who likely had hundreds of other cases as well and they stack charges to force a plea. It's just what they do. 97% of federal cases and 94% of state cases are resolved with a plea bargain. They threatened to charge him with the possession of a firearm charge PER PILL (X6), each with a mandatory minimum of 5 years. Facing that much time, or pleading guilty and getting out in under 6 years.. It wasnt really much of a choice. 

It was just a shitty situation, and he knew that he had committed the crime, so he didn't even feel like he had the right to try and fight it. He just took responsibility and did his time, however unfair the amount of time felt. At this point, we are just glad that it's over, aside from probation and that's no more than an inconvenience when you aren't doing anything wrong. Thanks for your comment though. Its appreciated.
It's a bitter pill to swallow, but in that scenario the individual worker now has more freedom.  They have a greater field of jobs to choose from, an ability to seek work that interests them or that they feel better suited for, as opposed to feeling trapped in a position they hold no affection for, but cannot equate the drop in wages to job satisfaction.
Not a fan of Romney but you have to give him respect for never swallowing the Trump pill.
Lol. 

These sexual allegation scandals are always a tough pill to swallow. Biden's case is still looming in the background.

But I was mostly thinking about Stop and Frisk.
No one is preying on me. I want to see the court cases play out, all Americans should just like in 2000 with Bush and Gore. There are still active cases going on.

Do you guys not remember the shit storm of voting irregularities in the primaries. NJ had to redo their election and still to this day nobody knows what the fuck happened in the Iowa caucuses. 

I dont want to get into all the voting bullshit crap since everyone is closing their eyes and it's uselessin this neutral subreddit. The original conversation was about Cruz inciting an " insurrection." You're desperate if you want Cruz gone. 

You have your dictator in the oval office now. I believe this administration will be the biggest red pill for Americans. Everyone can already see how he's spreading his butt cheeks for China.
&gt;The plan is to phase in the $15/hr minimum wage over the next four years is a jagged little pill to swallow for a lot of Americans, 

No, it's not a jagged little pill, it's a downright insult to the American working class.
I'm assuming it's only one pill bottle with 20 pills at that price
This is what happens when you snort the red pill.
Ended on such a cliffhanger though. It's a bitter pill to swallow.
This is where a lot of the political divide is. City dwellers think they're needed when in actuality they're not. Rural areas would be fine without major cities financially because they don't require near as much money to run. Additionally rural areas take more upon themselves and are willing to do stuff such as volunteer fire brigades. 

Just face it there is little the city has to offer rural communities in America and that is why there is the current divide. Most rural people I know are happy with a simple life and want to be left alone to grow their food and live how they see fit. Yet the city comes along and dictate dumb policies that only benefit the city because they can't see beyond the high rises and tenements. 

You're right the city makes serious money through the white collar industry but most spend more money than they make. It's a hard pill to swallow but most rural communities send more dollars to cities than they spend because all the special interest initiatives are for inner cities and minority groups such as homeless which aren't a problem in most rural areas because of harsher policing.
Yeah, a poison pill, I see, I see.
Ackshewally, they were coded messages to his undercover allies in his heroic fight to overthrow the secret cabal of Democratic/Hollywood pedophiles that rule the world with George Soros. Take the red pill, don’t be a sheep! *waves plastic light saber, makes humming noises*
I can agree with that sentiment, sure. It’s just that whichever way you look at it, abortion is technically a form of birth control. There are people out there who can’t be on the pill, get an iud, or be in contact with latex. It was hard not to read the California Viking’s response as anything but finger waggling (“You may have 1 (one) abortion, but don’t let it happen again”). 


&gt;&gt; it doesn’t mean they support any restricting policies


After the past 4-5 years, I’m not taking any chances with conservative “opinions”
(Edited formatting)
If anyone needs an abortion or contraception here are some resources. 

[aidaccess.org](https://aidaccess.org/) offer online consultations and will send out abortion pills by mail in the US, which are effective if you're less than 10 weeks pregnant. [womenhelp.org](https://womenhelp.org) offer a similar service in the US and internationally. And of course [Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/) is an invaluable resourse. The [National Network of Abortion Funds](https://abortionfunds.org/need-abortion/)
connects US people who need abortions to local funds that can help with the procedure through payment, transportation, childcare and other logistics issues.

[womenonweb.org](https://www.womenonweb.org/) do the same outside America. In the UK [bpas.org](https://www.bpas.org/abortion-care/abortion-treatments/the-abortion-pill/remote-treatment/) and several other providers will offer consultations on the NHS and send the abortion pill by mail.

And  [here is a list](https://www.bedsider.org/features/851-how-to-get-birth-control-delivered-right-to-your-door) of places that will do birth control online and by mail in the US, including "morning after" pills which can still be effective [3-5 days after sex](https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/contraception/emergency-contraception/).

Here on reddit, r/auntienetwork have further resources and advice for people in need. 

I hope nobody needs these services, but its important people know about them if they do.
That’s a question for Supreme Court Justice Merrick Garland. Oh, wait. 

Maybe the answer is in the [stack of bills](https://thehill.com/homenews/senate/475346-democratic-senators-tweet-photos-of-pile-of-house-passed-bills-dead-on-mitch) passed by Congress and ignored by Mitch. 

Maybe Lindsey Graham has the [answer](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/lindsey-graham-reverses-2016-declaration-that-supreme-court-justices-shouldnt-be-pushed-through-in-an-election-year-use-my-words-against-me/ar-BB19dc64)?

Or maybe Mitch has the answer in his [poison pill](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2020/12/mcconnell-introduces-bill-tying-2k-stimulus-checks-to-section-230-repeal/). The one he pulled out after all the concessions from the Democrats. 

As others have commented, Obama tried to compromise, esp on the ACA, and Mitch said his top priority was to make Obama a one term president. IMHO, Obama should have known better, because the Republican Party hasn’t been the same since Gingrich and his us vs. them mentality. But, that’s Obama’s game: coalition building. 

Biden should be saying, “Fool me once.”
Well.... I hate to say this, but there’s a reason why a military route works for some people who barely make it out of high school and it becomes a job. We have such a large military force that actively recruits. It’s tough pill to swallow..
Well.... I hate to say this, but there’s a reason why a military route works for some people who barely make it out of high school and it becomes a job. We have such a large military force that actively recruits. It’s tough pill to swallow..
Republicans are like a child waving its toy light saber and making humming noises ... they are no longer having the real discourse about today’s issues, they are engaging in fantasy play. Ttump was not an incompetent who got himself impeached twice for serious misconduct, bungled COVID and lost ... he’s a heroic swashbuckler fighting a worldwide secret cabal of liberal pedos (and besides, he isn’t even out of shape, he really has great abs like those memes of him on the tank or a Ben Garrison cartoon). Joe Biden isn’t the experienced, moderate public servant who defeated Trump and finally is getting us a real COVID response. Rather, he is probably protecting the secret pedo ring and is making bank with his son, in cahoots with Xi. Who cares about reality, our play fantasy feels better and it *must* be real.


Take the red pill, don’t be a sheep! If not, you must be a pedo! *Makes light saber noises*
That's some nice sidestepping there.  And, more disappointing than surprising, a logical fallacy.  As an aside, I wonder who Occam would suspect of downvoting each of these replies?  It's a mystery!

[Red Pill](https://www.logicalfallacies.org/)  Learn stuff.

[Blue Pill](https://i.imgur.com/mK8GsNL.gif)  Keep winning.

Up next:  gotta-have-the-last-word
I have never heard a comparison to the pink pill, but it’s spot-on. 

A lot of us actually didn’t know how bad it was. I didn’t know the extent of institutional racism until this presidency. I didn’t know we could elect and celebrate someone like him until we did. Look at how capital protestors were treated compared to black lives matter protesters. It’s clear as day.
I think a lot of people think it'd be the 5% they're already paying.

What a lot of people don't get is that they contribute 5% of their pay for 45-50 years to cover, statistically speaking, 10-12 years pf Medicare... and you end up with shitty coverage for that.

In places like the UK, its 20%, but the NHS coverage is so bad that the UK is one of the largest private insurance markets in the world. The countries that do it reasonably well are 30% or more. Healthcare is staggeringly expensive, and single payer isn't a magic pill. It saves maybe 10-15% in costs. The primary benefit is decoupling insurance from employment.
She’s just a pill
Yes, she’s just a pill
And she’s sitting up up on Capitol Hill...
She probably had drugs. Not some like Colorado weed but Rx that she was never legally Rx’d, she seems like a pill head of some sort.
The only good thing Trump gave us was to identify where and how much damage we had regarding racism. 

Trump was sort of like that pink pill your dentist would give you to let you know where to brush.

Now we know where to focus our effort. The best thing is we have a person of color in the #2 spot to help steer the narrative and actions.
Pick your pill folks. Red pill or blue pill. Ffs
I think the republicans really did some political calculus on this one. They realized that they might snag another Trump term by going all in on his election fraud BS but the long term effects of completely dismantling our democratic system was just to big a pill to swallow. Not for pod people like Cruz and Hawley, but for some of them
I don't see him as a coke type of person honestly. Too fucking lazy. God is he ever a lazy sob. Jr, yes. Eric, I think he looks more like a pill popper. Ivanka? She gets high on daddy's lap.  
  
Anyway... Lol
Nah, dude is a poison pill who famously doesn't pay his lawyers. No chance he gets anyone competant.
Guys, he would love to but it’s under audit! As soon as the deep state IRS gets off his back he’s totes gonna, so just take a chill pill, sheesh! 

I think his taxes won’t be as exciting as I want them to be. No big hush hush double secret bribes and loans, just boring old he’s not as rich and his properties are trash.
This would delay the stimulus checks until the vaccines  were available. The democrats will not allow that , The GOP will then spin how the democrats are hypocrites about everyone getting the vaccine or something. This is just a GOP poison pill to obstruct a bill .
Economics is the base that social issues grow out of, if you want people to let you attack an economic issue in a way that in beneficial for you and people like you but at the detriment to people who’s support you’d need in a democracy to do so, pandering to surface level social issues is a great way to acclimate people people to you and prime them to look the other way or just think it’s good for them/everyone when you start attacking said economic basis. Basically social issues can be performativly addressed as a way of winning over a voting block in order to implement economic policies that help small groups of people instead of addressing the actual root economic issues to the stated social woe (think of Reagan’s family values and drug war shtick, basically just a glass of water so that the pill that was trickle down economics would go down easier)
States and the Trump FDA put restrictions on the pill too. You need to visit a hospital or clinic to get it. The Supreme Court not only said that was ok, they reversed a lower court ruling that had halted the requirement during the pandemic.
There are at least two logic fallacies in your statement.  

[Red Pill](https://www.logicalfallacies.org/)

[Blue Pill](https://i.imgur.com/mK8GsNL.gif)
Because our giant, incredibly wealthy pharmaceutical and health supply companies have spent billions buying politicians and presenting with the legislation to offer regarding it. Medicare for all would be the end of massive price gouging (exact same brand pill in canada can be 400% cheaper, insulin 1000% cheaper etc) as all companies are forced to compete.
I think maybe it was Owen Shroier Sp? or one of his other "one the scene guys" that was literally pushing into the capital, stopped and did his 30 second pill pitch

fucking comedy gold

its sad though, Alex Jones makes a lot of money edging terrorism, but it should be readily apparent to all of his followers he doesn't really believe the world is ruled by a cabal of satanic pedophiles...Jones spent MONTHS calling Joe Biden a literal demon and a pedophile

what the fuck is the proper response to satanic pedophiles stealing your election if not a violent revolt?

Fucking guys just a grifter, he doesn't believe a word of his BS
But Trump took the red pill.
&gt; but we also need them to be fucking leaders for once. Take a chance and get some shit done.

i sure hope they nuke the filibuster, or McConnell is going to run this 2 years like the last 4.  

Having lived in both Mobile and LA (and a lot of other places), we might not be different species, but damn close.  People in Alabama have voted against their own interests for 100+ years, through generations, and still they vote for the criminally stupid Republicans here that literally run on guns.  

Do not look to the south for progress.  Everyone thinks GA is some gateway, but that's wrong.  FL and TX aren't turning blue anytime soon, hell, they're not even purple at this point.  

The only way we see those bumps over time is if Democrats actually write and pass legislation in DC that materially benefits citizens.  So far, they've accomplished dick all since the ACA, and that's been a poison pill for many Republicans. 

We need leadership in order to bring the Overton Window back around in the USA, and sadly, we just don't have powerful leaders on the left in the Senate.
Jason, Pill Boy, and Donkey Doug had more forethought than these yeabobs.
Unless the US imposed crazy tariffs on secessionists or the new CSA required crazy taxes to fund all their pill popping trailer folk
1) Take a chill pill, you act like the dude's been in office for more than 48 hours. 

2) Formalizing federal law to match current private policies and the recommendation of experts *is* something, especially given how laissez-faire the last admin was about the pandemic.
I think, as with a lot of things, there’s quite a large number of people who are susceptible to this sort of thing. I think it’s something we try not to think about too much, because realising that your old white neighbour who isn’t too smart but always seemed kinda nice is probably exactly the type of person who might be sucked into this sort of thing is a hard pill to swallow.
&gt; "Focus less on trying to red pill [i.e., recruit] them on WW2 and more on how to make them angrier about the election and the new Democrat regime," a white supremacist recruitment message on Telegram said, according to the report. "Heighten their burning hatred of injustice."

I am sure fox and others will help them with that.
Hmmm, certainly seems to be a pattern around identifying as “pro-life” and also as Republican, though.....

More to the point, when one personally feels that abortion is wrong but still votes Democratic, then they are still taking actions that are overall pro-choice because the Democratic Party always upholds a person’s right to choose an abortion. Also, the Democratic Party is at essence a “pro-life” party because their platform is always to reduce poverty, increase access to healthcare and increase wages and worker protections. All those things actually lead to longer and healthier lives, lower infant and maternal mortality, and less childhood disease. Those things are actually pro-life, so yeah. One definitely doesn’t need to be a Republican to be pro-life.

The brand Pro-Life was absolutely started by the Republican Party to rally conservative Christians as a new voter base. And it worked like a charm. So now there are millions and millions of people who very loudly and sanctimoniously declare their moral superiority as “Pro-Lifers” when they vote for the Republicans, who will turn around and bomb other countries, engage in acts of torture, cover up the extrajudicial killing of journalists, commit extrajudicial killings themselves (the Iranian soldier and the BLM protester in Portland, OR come to mind), support police officers murdering folks of color in the street while also beating a police officer to death with an American flag on the front steps of our Capitol building, remove healthcare from the poor, let hundreds of thousands of people die in a completely unmanaged pandemic, do nothing about the rampant homelessness across the country leading people to die hungry and cold on the sidewalks, and continue to deny the climate catastrophes that are driven by wealth westerns nations and are killing people all around the world. And let’s not forget the “prolife” insistence that doctor-assisted suicide is wrong, effectively forcing people to die from terminal diseases in the most torturous kinds of ways. My grandmother eventually started refusing food and water when the cancer got too bad. So we got to watch her starve to death instead of giving her a pill to swallow and let her go in peace. Torture. 

No, one does not need to think they are in favor of torture to consider themselves pro-life. In fact, I think you’d be hard pressed to find someone who would admit that voting for the “pro-life candidate”, as my entire family does, is also a vote for politicians who will support actual torture in our military practices. That would feel yucky and people don’t like to admit what’s yucky about their actions. But we already knew that because they enthusiastically engage in forcing people to carry babies they don’t want or dragging out a painful death, which is torture if I’ve ever heard it. Self-reflection is not a strong suit in this crowd. 

And if one is a Democrat and still calls themselves “pro-life”, then who gives a shit? Their actions show they care more about social programs and a habitable planet than they do about forcing their religious beliefs on other humans. They can think what they want in private; it’s not their opinions that torture people.
thats one hell of a pill to swallow, i doubt we will ever see an amendment rescinded or introduced and passed anytime soon.
If the CEO's could have sharecropping and company scrip officially back in place, you know they'd never need another ED pill again.
&gt; This should be thrown back in their faces when they're up for reelection.

I think it will be a poison pill for them to ever get swing voters again in the future. Probably won’t affect deep red districts. And more purple districts, I think it’s going to depend on how people view Trump in a year. And I think that it’s really gonna depend on what happens at state court cases.
The "good" news is that the part of the tax cuts for most americans will phase out in 2021. Basically they put a poison pill in the bill so that tax will automatically rise under Biden and they can complain about it even though it was their idea. The rich get to keep their cuts though of course.
If you followed the time line at all Pelosi tried to get a $600 stand alone bill out to people and McConnell would not do it without adding some no sensical poison pill BS to it. You haven't even been paying attention at all and it shows, your credibility is zero and you look like a total dip shit... Saying that as someone who never chose a side but followed politics in 2020 because if there was ever a time to pay attention it was last year. You clearly did not. Keep parroting your 12 year old #woke comments.
All her poetic brilliance aside, though it outshines all else, can we at least talk about her equally brilliant and incisive sense of fashion? I know that we now try to avoid paying undue attention to what a woman wears, because that used to dominate nearly all the attention women got. But in our haste to right past wrongs let’s not forget that fashion is also a form of art and visual poetry that can send messages as strong as any spoken word. 

Gorman’s smart yellow jacket and satin headband echoed the silhouette of the brightly colored suits and pill-box hats worn by Jacqueline Kennedy and her peers, silently evoking the same hope and optimism of the JFK years so prominent in her poem as well as Biden’s speech. Yet she wore her hair in a traditional Black style, a juxtaposition that sent a clear message: black women, all nonwhite people, are now included in the dream of “Camelot”. They will carry on with the task of building a “more perfect union” begun so long ago and bolstered by JFK’s vision, but this time they will do it in a way that honors and elevates their culture and experience as an integral part of American history and society. 

Gorman’s choice of clothing masterfully enhanced and punctuated the meaning in her sublime poetry, and it deserves to be appreciated along with her words.
I didn't say anything about Obamacare. I asked about his *opinion*, that you said are not different with Republicans.

Literally everybody asks bunch of things from Biden! Courts, student debt, climate change, decency, racism, etc. Do you even know what EO Biden has signed on? If you don't even know, you don't know Biden's thought process, so just take a chill pill 

So Dems should be total radical who only focus on gay rights and lose total control huh? That's what you want?
(it's a generalization of the men who say "as a straight white male..." and feel they are victims or a dying breed being attacked, who turn to people like ben shapiro, tucker carlson, steven crowder, prageru, turning point usa, donald trump, ted cruz, charlie kirk, tomi lahren, candace owens, "the red pill", etc. to feel validated.
Totally! There's a ton wrong with the way we teach and assess knowledge in public school. I wholeheartedly agree. It shouldn't be something learned in college or grad school - for me it was a pretty hard pill to swallow at first, as I imagine it is for a lot of people, for the exact reasons you described.
I did not take a sleeping pill last night :)
Nothing at all wrong with the meds, but I've heard prices of $30,000 per year for pills that can't cost more than hundreds. The gouging is insane. We need price controls, or to make pill manufacturing into a utility type operation.
What is your definition of affordable? There have been times in my life I had less than $20 in my bank account. I walked 15km to get a morning after pill once because I couldn’t afford both the pill and a taxi, and the bus routes in my neighbourhood stopped at 6pm. If I couldn’t afford a taxi to get Plan B, how would I have been able to afford an abortion? Even if it was only $50.  Now I’m in a position that an abortion would be affordable at pretty much any reasonable price. But I can also afford to raise a child, so I probably wouldn’t have one. The women who need access the most are women who are already struggling. It isn’t up to you, me, or the government, to dictate to them what is “affordable”.
I think it's a pretty good compromise.  Make abortion illegal in exchange for the morning after pill vending machines easily accessible by the public.  But I am not a woman so maybe I do  not have any authority to comment on this subject.   It would be nice to see a compromise solution on this issue.  It's been hotly debated since 1973 and doesn't seem to be going away.
This. They are more likely to get approval for a full Constitutional Convention, which would then fail because each side would poison pill the other.
Even if they make it illegal there will still be the morning after pill available in vending machines.  Or is that problem also?
&gt; Do you really fucking need a machine gun?

The 2nd Amendment guarantees a *right* to keep and bear arms. It does not establish a well-regulated privilege to be determined by law in whatever manner Congress wants. As a right, we should be demanding the government demonstrate why a particular exercise should be limited. If I have to petition the government for permission and demonstrate why I should be allowed to exercise it, we have moved into the realm of privilege.

The Hughes Amendment to the Firearm Owners Protection Act firstly, fraudulently passed a [voice vote](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=G7c8PiyPSlM). It should have died in committee like its worthless namesake did in 2019.

Secondly, the Hughes Amendment addressed a problem that did not exist. Under the National Firearms Act 1934, machine guns have to be registered. Between the passage of the NFA and 1986 when FOPA came around, the highest estimate for homicides committed with legally registered civilian-held machine guns [can be counted on one hand](https://gunmagwarehouse.com/blog/legally-owned-automatic-weapons-crime/). 

The machine gun registry closure was completely unnecessary. It solved a problem that didn’t exist and was purely proposed as a poison pill to try to get FOPA from being signed into law. 

&gt;There's plenty of other guns to buy, buy those, who gives a shit? 

I do buy them. But there’s also no reason why I shouldn’t be able to purchase a post 1986 lower. I’m willing to pay the $200 tax stamp, undergo the wait period, have it registered, and have a background check but the government is following an unnecessary law passed under bullshit circumstances

Also with your “buy different stuff” attitude, then it should be completely ok to ban the publication of KJV translations of the Bible and tell people that they can exercise the 1st Amendment with other translations. 

Also, US v Miller, the very same law that justifies the existence of the National Firearms Act 1934, does state that the 2A protects arms with utility in a militia.




This is also just federal level stuff. This isn’t counting various assault weapons bans and stringent carry laws in several states. My blue home state still retains an AWB and has some of the strictest carry laws in the Union.

&gt; So? They're still available, just more rare.

The problem is when people like Biden have their own [proposals](https://joebiden.com/gunsafety/) to apply the same level of control as we do with machine guns as we do with more commonly held arms like assault weapons. 

&gt; They don’t actually know legislation, 

I’m the one pulling legislation out and you’re the one who thinks the exercise of rights is predicated by need
If you don't see pharma taking up 30% of the health budget as a problem, or that Americans take more pills than anywhere and have worse healthcare outcomes as a problem, then I don't know what else to say. Legal pill addiction is fast becoming the deadliest problem in the USA.
I mean the argument can be made a lot of ways. Again I reiterate I don’t oppose abortion access, and I also think the argument is radicalized a lot because it sells- most people don’t want 8 month 29 day elective abortions to be legal, and most people don’t have a problem with the morning after pill. There’s a grey fuzzy line somewhere in there.

But what makes a human and when humans are responsible for other humans is a big moral feelings line, and science has never come up with a good “this second it’s a group of cells, the next second it’s a human life” argument. Because we do essentially have to draw an arbitrary line somewhere between date of intercourse and 2nd birthday.
Surprisingly I think my dad held off till that day to lessen the hurt. We have small kids (5 total with my sisters) all 8 and under. It was a distraction from the sadness for a bit and they were so busy they didn't notice the adults going off to have a cry. Funeral was 1/6 so the kids opened 3 kings presents that day. It was the sugar that was needed to swallow that bitter ass pill.  He was home for xmas, if only in spirit. He loved that stupid holiday and making the kids happy. Any day would've sucked though, no one aside from my parents loves me unconditionally and without reserve. Not even your children love u as much as good parents. They expect nothing from you and give you everything they can. I was lucky to have him 36 years. Sorry for the rant I miss him a ton.
Virtual reality. We need to be hooked up to feeding machines and become a power source for our new AI overlords. Trump supporters can live in their reality, and we can live in ours. And then we take the red pill and take our world back from those sentient machine fuckers.
You all took the red pill or the blue pill, we can change it if we stop voting party lines.
Who said that we're putting ideology over the nation? A lot of people voted for Biden because one ideology **WAS** putting themselves above the country. Take a chill pill and go have a coffee or something.
If you go to the doctor and you have really high blood pressure doesn’t he give you some pills now to solve the immediate issue and then also tell you to lose some weight. Losing weight is the immediate issue but it takes longer to resolve and requires a lot more work. Yes taking the pill might relieve the blood pressure and in the long run might kill you. But implementing a price ceiling on all public universities across the state won’t have the immediate impact on the economy and recover that eliminating student debt would.
I think Cruz is so far down the pathetic road that he doesn’t know how to come back. I’m cannot see how he cannot look himself in the mirror and think to himself that he’s a man. He’s lost all self respect and that is a tough pill to swallow before you can even begin to think of coming back from that.
their hero went zero... they just need to go fishin' no for real... at a nice lake a little ways from home... take chill pill and call us in the morning cho'...
A woman should have 100% sovereignty over her own body as concluded by Roe vs Wade:

[http://law2.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/conlaw/Roeargs.htm](http://law2.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/conlaw/Roeargs.htm)

Abortion is a pretty lame topic nowadays when the morning after pill is available in vending machines:

[https://www.theverge.com/2019/2/11/18216209/contraception-campus-vending-machines-day-after-pill-plan-b](https://www.theverge.com/2019/2/11/18216209/contraception-campus-vending-machines-day-after-pill-plan-b)
As someone who buckled down and paid off all of my debt, it’s frustrating to see these people just want their debt wiped clean. The amount they accrued should come as no surprise. One doesn’t take out a car loan, decide it’s too much, and then declare that the debt should be forgiven. In very few cases were these folks FORCED to go to college. Last I saw, the average debt is $35k-ish? That’s about $300-400/month? Obviously, with our economy in the shitter, that’s harder now for some folks, but this drive-for-forgiveness has been going on for a lot longer than a year. I read all of the articles about how forgiving the loans will boost the economy, etc., but it’s just a tough pill to swallow knowing that I paid everything back in full when potentially, I could have held out and kept the money. 

HOWEVER......what IS horseshit, is how much it costs to go to school. I took out approximately 140k for undergrad and grad school. And in what world is it ok that student loan interest rates are DOUBLE those rates of a home mortgage?!? Student loan rates should be 0.1%, IF THAT. Just enough to pay for the  administrative work that goes behind servicing the loans. I’d also be down for a mini-forgiveness, something like $20k per borrower. That should erase some people’s completely, and slice a majority’s by a significant percentage. 

And before you ask, the only help I got was from my wife, who was less than thrilled to be saddled down with my loans. She paid the lions share of the rent, we split the utilities/food, and everything else went to the loans. My payments were ≈ $1500/month.
Lest we forget, the "red pill" from the Matrix also rolled in.
I am all for people getting help, but it really is a bitter pill to swallow. My life sucked big time paying off my loans and now I am way behind on saving for retirement. I wish people could empathize a little. I graduated in 09. It would be really nice to be grandfathered in.
Incels take the little red pill.
Poor Rushbo, go have a pill.
again its anecdotal but I knew, at the time I was a provisionlly licensed counselor doing intensive community behavioral health in a program where I transported and attended all psych appts with them helped with med mgmt and met with them in their homes several hours a week whereas they saw their psych or psych NP every 1-3 months for 15-30 min

long story short the 4-5 psychiatrists i worked with were all over the place 1 was amazing, 3 were ok but never spent more than 15 min wth any clt i dont care how good you are that isnt enough time , 2 wre jst horrible pill pushers with obviously outdated methods and scripts and the 2 psych NPs were as good as the best psych, that was my experience and no one word with or spent more time with or saw in their own environments the clients than me, comparing outcomes between the providers wasnt hard
Lol. Yes, must be nice to know that the Biden’s are all upright citizens, because corporate media tells ya so. Lol, can I have the blue pill too please? I’d seriously just prefer not to have to think about things anymore, and trust everything that corrupt establishmentarians tell me, ignorance is bliss.
They aren't all stupid, many Q followers are well educated intelligent people. They are victims of a cult. Even smart people fall victim to cult methods of manipulation and mind control. My mother is a Q follower and she is anything but stupid. She has a degree and used to be well informed. But she took the red pill and went down the rabbit hole. She's not the person she used to be. I saw a lot of people just like her at the Capitol, yes, duped, just like this guy.
It's not a given, and with the Senate split at 50-50, it might not be a shoe-in. It would end up being on the order of half-a-trillion dollars every month, which is a hard pill to swallow.
It's not that bizarre when you look at it in a wider context, though. 

The reporter asking the question was Owen Jensen of EWTN, the Eternal Word Television Network, which is arguably the largest media organ for American Catholics (possibly after *Our Sunday Visitor*, but that doesn't have a TV/film arm that I know of) and a really significant bellwether of their attitudes on things. 

The Biden presidency is *the* divisive political question within American Catholicism just now, and there are no clean lines along which it breaks. Many Catholics, even otherwise very conservative ones, found themselves voting for a Democrat for the first time in their lives because the alternative was so plainly monstrous; some of them took this a step further, and spent the months (even years) leading up to this election trying to convince their equally conservative friends, neighbors, colleagues and family members that a vote for Trump would arguably be in service of Hell itself, and that the willingness of many within their ranks to ignore everything else he did just because of abortion was an embarrassment. 

I have seen the impact this has had on many of them firsthand; people have lost friendships, ended relationships, been driven from their church communities, even been fired from their jobs over this. It has been a just brutal set of fights, especially for people not accustomed to having them, and was made no easier to resolve for many American Catholics by the fact that the apparently quite pious Catholic Biden also supports many things that they believe they cannot. It has forced many of them to reckon with things they had long simply assumed, and not in easy ways.

EWTN's voice in all of this has largely been a moderate one in terms of the things that distinguish liberal and conservative Catholicism within the U.S. (as distinct from politically liberal and politically conservative people who happen to be Catholics -- they are not the same thing), but they exist now in the midst of a much wider debate over how a truly "pro-life" perspective is actually to be understood. For far too long it has been felt sufficient, by many, simply to oppose abortion -- but there are rising voices within the American Church, and not just on "the left," who are loudly demanding that a more "seamless garment" approach be taken that also includes care for the poor, stewardship of the environment, defense of immigrants, support for labor rights, etc. These are certainly things that the Church has long and rightly been vocal about, but many American Catholics are now specifically finding themselves being urged to view them as components -- even duties -- of being "pro-life." It's been a difficult transition to make for some, but not for all.

All of this is to say, then, that a question from the leading Catholic news media organization to the representative of a newly-inaugurated Catholic president about two contentious abortion policies is hardly bizarre. Biden's change of perspective on the Hyde Amendment in particular was a big moment for him in 2019, and one that actually provoked a lot of skepticism from both sides; up until that moment he had supported it, and many viewed his sudden change of heart as a matter of political convenience that might not prove permanent. 

I completely agree that it's hardly so urgent that it demands to be covered on the first day of his administration, but there are many, many voters within the 81 million who put him in that office who did so even with serious reservations about this, and I can't fault them or their journalistic representative for wanting to ask about this.

**TL;DR:** A small but determined number of moderate to conservative Catholics voted for Biden in 2020 in spite of the abortion issue, often with severe personal and professional consequences; many of them are looking (I think probably in vain) for signs, even this early on, that he and his administration would be willing to do something to make that pill easier to have swallowed.
*In white supremacist and neo-Nazi Telegram groups, discussions have centered around strategies to enter pro Trump sites and ‘red pill’ what they have termed as ‘Parler refugees’ with carefully constructed narratives and propaganda,”*

https://www.newsweek.com/matrix-creator-red-pill-trans-allegory-mens-rights-activists-1523669

L.O.L.
For me this is a though pill to swallow. It’s along the line of “man acknowledges to pavement that gravity is real”.  How the fuck did u guys live with it for 4 fucking years?
Until you’ve volunteered your life and signed over your constitutional rights away I find it a hard pill to swallow for others to take going to war using warfare so lightly. People’s literal lives are on the line. The Cavalier attitude about this shit is beyond ridiculous, it’s vulgar and uninformed and callous.
Reality is a tough pill to swallow. Life’s tough when you’re stupid.
Yes, you DID all get played, but come to your senses now and maybe, just maybe, you can salvage your family and friendships. Keep in mind, it’s a hard pill to swallow when a loved one chooses a chan shitposter and a well-known grifter over spouses, children, childhood friends.
I think he would of been too bitter a pill to swallow for any Republicans that went blue
With interest, mine is 300+. It's a stupid number I will never pay off, but I made my choices and I don't regret them. I would never be able to command the salary or position I have now without law school, but yeah...it's a tough pill to swallow every time I open my fedloan account.
Simply put: pride. It’s a tough pill to swallow sometimes.
Stock in sleeping pill companies in freefall
This guy breaks it down: https://medium.com/curiouserinstitute/a-game-designers-analysis-of-qanon-580972548be5

Short version: It's set up like an Augmented Reality Game, using all the same tricks that ARGs use to get players addicted. Only in this case, instead of leading players through a predetermined fictional story, instead the system is set up such that it uses community reinforcement and "breadcrumbs" to guide people down the rabbit hole. Couple that with steps designed to "red-pill" other people without them realizing it's qanon, and you have a memetic hazard tailored to spread through a relatively socially isolated population which can then be twisted through hints and breadcrumbs to come to whatever conclusion you want.
Just give me the pill, I'll take that instead of the dishonor.
&gt; Worst day in American history

I have no doubt this is the worst day in that person’s privileged life. To realize you’ve been duped and made a fool of, and that your whole identity has been based on the lies you’ve been told by a sham leader is a tough pill to swallow.
He stuttered two words. In a 15 minute speech delivered to hundreds of millions of people.

Take a chill pill.
His WH doctor he bribed into saying this nonsense so he could head the VA until it came out he was a hardcore alcoholic, drunk on the job, pill prescribing walking health crisis, sure claimed it was
&gt;woefully ignorant.

Take a chill pill, my internet friend. The rift in the GOP is pretty well documented and quite dramatic. The Dems will surely have to wrestle with their own identity in the coming months and years, but it's undeniably a harder pill to swallow for the party that just lost.
The Reagans' daughter Patti Davis was probably an even more outspoken critic of their parents than Ron Reagan. She criticized them while Reagan was in office and wrote a tell-all memoir where she revealed Ronald was an absent distant father, obsessed with his own political ambitions and their mother was a pill head who beat them with a hairbrush.
It's more like we've taken the first pill in a long z-pack. We aren't over this illness by a long shot and I still worry that we'll see attempts at violence before the end of the day, to say nothing of the next 2, 4, 8, etc. years
Wasn’t that his personal physician? The drunk pill popper guy sex harassment guy ? Dr. Ronnie
Trump is a lot like his mentor, my cousin Roy Cohn. Now he's leaving like him, in disgrace. 

JANUARY 20, 2021 

Cohn was disbarred, shamed and defeated by a disease he denied. He was Trump's mentor, but the departing president failed to learn some key lessons. 

My cousin Roy Cohn taught Donald Trump the art of denying, deflecting and distracting. While Trump mastered all those, he failed to learn Roy’s most important lesson: A lifetime of bullying and cheating has a way of catching up with you. 

As Trump seems to shrink before our eyes, I’ve been thinking of Roy’s final months, in 1986. By then, Roy was a recluse, his body wracked by disease, his mind reeling from dementia. His friends abandoned him. Emboldened, his enemies sought revenge. 

To understand how far he fell, you had to see Roy Marcus Cohn at his zenith. For several decades, he seemed invincible, first as a prosecutor of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, then as the red-baiting aide to Sen. Joe McCarthy in the 1950s, then as a powerbroker and Mafia lawyer, and finally as a key supporter of President Ronald Reagan. 

Bold, unethical and successful 

When he first met Trump in 1973, at Le Club on the Upper East Side, Roy was already known as an attorney who relied less on the formalities of the law than on shady connections. 

Trump, then 27, asked Roy for advice: The U.S. Justice Department was suing him for violating the Fair Housing Act and discriminating against Black tenants. Roy came up with a typically bold, unethical plan: Even though the government had damning evidence, Trump should countersue for $100 million. 

The bluff worked: Trump settled without admitting guilt and crowed about his victory — for the first of many times. 

Roy imparted three strategies to his favorite apprentice: When you’re attacked, counterattack harder. Find someone weaker than you to scapegoat. Daze and confuse everyone with a fog of lies. 

My father was Roy’s first cousin. In 1985, a year before Roy died, I started shadowing him for a magazine story. Roy boasted about his work for Trump. Through City Hall contacts and Mob ties, Roy had recently ensured that Trump Tower was built in spite of a concrete workers’ strike. 

Like Trump, Roy grew up with parents who had a dysfunctional marriage. Like Trump, he needed adulation. I watched politicians and developers waiting for an audience with him, sitting in the hallways of the six-floor townhouse off Park Avenue that doubled as Roy’s office and home. Regular visitors included Roger Stone and Terence Cardinal Cooke, the archbishop of New York. And John Gotti, aka “the Teflon Don” — before he was convicted of five murders. 

On New Year’s Eve 1985, shortly before Roy turned 59, he threw a party thatI and the other guests sensed would be his last. Carmine DeSapio, the Tammany Hall boss, mingling with Norman Mailer, William F. Buckley and Steve Rubell. Andy Warhol stood in a corner. As usual, Trump arrived late and stayed just long enough to give a toast and get photographed for the gossip columns. 

Trump boasted that he kept a photo of Roy in his office, to intimidate people. “Roy is a terrible lawyer,” he told the laughing crowd. “But I only need to mention his name and people are too scared to challenge me.” 

Roy shuffled unevenly, clutching his young partner, Peter Fraser. No one mentioned the rumor that Roy denied, but that all of us knew to be true: He had AIDS. 

Disbarred for deceit and fraud 

Soon after, the epidemic that Roy had scoffed at caught up with him. He fell asleep in the middle of conversations. He tried to overdose but couldn’t open the pill bottle. New York tabloids — the Twitter of the 1980s — stopped featuring him. 

In June 1986, New York’s top court disbarred Roy for dishonesty, deceit and fraud. Roy went ahead and hosted a private dinner, but Trump and other close friends didn't show. He died in August with only one person by his side, Peter. It was far from the sendoff Roy had envisioned, with 


If Roy’s carelessness about the AIDS epidemic led to his demise, Trump’s cavalier attitude about the COVID-19 pandemic brought about his downfall. Now, after a humiliating election defeat, plummeting approval ratings and two impeachments, even corporate America has acknowledged Trump’s toxicity. 

Although Trump is not known for introspection, in stressful times he has wondered aloud, “Where’s my Roy Cohn?” Here’s the answer: Your Roy Cohn died in ignominy. He’s buried in my family’s mausoleum, behind a marble slab marked "LAWYER AND PATRIOT." Every so often, one of us pushes open the heavy door to leave flowers or notes for a beloved relative. 

No one leaves anything for Roy. 

David L. Marcus is the author of two books about education. Follow him on Twitter: @MarcusDave
Also. I’m sorry. It reminds me of something recent. A few months ago a pro life group tried to pass a lawsuit saying that because of the Covid 19 pandemic women shouldn’t be going to the doctor to get abortion pills because they were wasting valuable resources and time. 

The judge said “Fine. I agree.” And then he made it so that women didn’t have to go to the doctors to get the abortion pill. 

I get that it’s about women’s rights and autonomy and I cheer for that, but it was still hilarious how it happened. It was like a monkeys paw wish. 

“I wish women couldn’t go to the doctors to get abortion pills”

And the monkeys paw said “got it. They can get it without going to the doctors”
Took the red pill
Oh God, only their direct descendants have any rights.

I know one of them. He's an absolute pill.
A complete act of cowardice - this was long known to be true and intentionally announced today as a poison pill for the Biden administration's relations with China.
Dang, Janet. Why you always Yellen? Take a chill pill.
I had to drop that sub. The whole red-pill-woke thing was too contrary to reality by me.
Gotta love that the term ‘red pill’ came from a film written and directed by trans women who have outright said it was a trans allegory written when estrogen came in, surprise, red pills
&gt; While I'm pontificating, there's even an argument to be made for Men's Rights, although not that red pill or MRM shit. I know a number of men who are terrified of wearing a kilt to work.... and that is the patriarchy keeping them down. It happens in other ways as well, and is much more noticeable and impactful when you are a minority or not a cis/het white male...


The dumb thing is that anti-feminists don't realize how much of their suffering is exactly due to the shit feminists are fighting.
I'm not trans, but I have a number of transgender friends (I'm lesbian if that matters) and this has been hell on them.


One of them is stuck in legal document hell and has a proper driver's license, SSN, and Tax ID, but can't complete updating her birth certificate and can't actually get a passport to leave the country. She's spent 3 years trying to get the state department to even update her picture so she can travel... and they've told her to fuck off at least a half dozen times.


Hopefully this will get fixed, along with the *long* list of inequalities. Women's Rights, Transgender Rights, Black and Minority rights are Human Rights.


While I'm pontificating, there's even an argument to be made for Men's Rights, although not that red pill or MRM shit. I know a number of men who are terrified of wearing a kilt to work.... and that is the patriarchy keeping them down. It happens in other ways as well, and is much more noticeable and impactful when you are a minority or not a cis/het white male...


We are not free until we are all free.


Let us start by letting people piss in peace.
jesus seems like a straight up cult approach:

"...One extremist group on Telegram even created a "red-pilling guide," which included directions to "strike up friendly conversations with individuals followed by a pre-constructed message" through private messages. The guide tells recruiters to identify with potential targets for radicalization over the...They find the target, then they pull the individual off to the side in Telegram into a one-on-one chat away from that larger group chat, and they try to develop a very personal relationship," Criezis said. "And that's where the whole recruitment model of manipulation lives, where they are feeding those 'red-pill lite' versions of more hardcore white supremacist arguments."ir support for Trump and shared fear of impending threats, before demoralizing the target into believing the solution is violence.."
Yes. That would be a manageable thing. Pill can cause weight gain? Is there anything dietary you can do to mitigate that? Or physically?(I asked that second because not everyone can do physical things, but almost everyone can control their diet beyond a certain age in a first world country barring homelessness or extreme poverty.)Almost definitely in most cases. And don't get me wrong. I'm not saying that there is anything wrong with the person this discussion started over. I'm not saying that there is anything wrong with someone being slightly overweight for reasons. I'm saying that its unlikely that the weight is something that HAS to be.
I disagree that racism is illogical- there is indeed logic behind it.  It often goes like this.

Premise: Society is a meritocracy.  Successful, wealthy people are more intelligent and work harder than poor people.

Premise: Black people are, on average, less wealthy than white people.

Conclusion: Black people are lazy.

The logic is fine, the conclusion follows from the premises.  It's the premises which are incorrect- in this case, the belief that success is determined by work ethic.  That's one of the most common causes of racial prejudice, and is also the reason so many people think Trump is smart and hard working (he must be, because he is rich, and people become rich only through hard work).  This is an extremely common belief that is deeply ingrained into our culture- parents often teach their children that success comes from hard work.  

To fix this, we need to reverse the trend and inform everyone in the country that the strongest predictor of an individual's wealth and educational attainment is how successful their parents were, it has little or nothing to do with the individual themselves.  That's going to be a tough pill for most people to swallow.
You don't mention the part that makes this amendment a compromise and not a conciliation or appeasement. It would have barred entry for any new states that allowed slavery, setting up the eventual guarantee that free states would outnumber slave states. It was a true compromise- it wouldnt have just kicked the can down the road, it would've kicked the can towards the dump.. idk analogy is breaking down. It was viewed by the South for what it was- a delayed loss for them and a poison pill which is why it was not agreed to. Between going to war and giving the South what they wanted, this was a compromise and not a one sided offer. We can disagree if it's appeasement to pretend the South had a valid Republican concern and if this was the right approach, but it's not fair to mention half of the offer and not include the counterpoint that was the reason it was rejected.
This year, actually. I think Trump loyalists put that in as a cyanide pill. If Trump had been re-elected, they would have pushed back another four years. They know as well as us that the pendulum swings back and forth.
Seriously. It's such a poison pill and I don't think any gun control bill we can get through congress would even have that meaningful of an effect on gun violence. Just drop it and focus on other issues that will reduce violence across the board but have a much easier time passing.
The similarities were there and the simplest explanation often tends to be the truth. You should take a chill pill dude.
why take a pill to fix your mental state if it causes weight gain, which most often negatively affects your mental state?

I don't know maybe they should learn more about nutrition and  exercise before they start popping pills.

I'm not listening to a doctor who doesn't have the discipline to keep to a healthy weight, which is why I was saying bullshit in the first place.

If you can't manage your own life-choices why should I listen to you about mine?
Oh yea? Is that the label your mom put on your pill bottle so you wont notice?
Bet you wished you took the blue pill instead.
His education reform was a poison pill. NCLB was the worst thing to ever occur to American education. This isn’t a hotly debated topic. 

https://time.com/5775795/education-reform-failed-america/

Meaning well, and creating terrible legislation aren’t mutually exclusive, but seeing how this ONLY destroyed inner city schools that were already on life support, I’d probably doubt that “good intentions” part.
TOP SECURITY

TOP SECURITY

TOP SECURITY


THIS IS HOW YOU LOOSE CONTROL


In other words, consider the Russians and the Chinese Security Forces to have ALL necessary information to stage their own and VERY successful little invasion!

Put her on the Pill, I don't want more idiots like her!
My dude, you post on the Red Pill Christians sub. It's safe to say *no one* cares overmuch about your opinion
I also feel it's disingenuous to continue saying the GOP represents "half" of America. I feel like it's closer to 1/3. Instead of the country being 50% Republican and 50% Democrat, I believe it's probably closer to 33% each of Republican, Democrat, Independent. There are large portions of the country that fall somewhere on the spectrum other than this or that, and usually side with one of the two simply because there aren't better viable options.

For example. I would consider myself to be a liberal progressive democratic socialist. I don't relate to capitalist democrats or big money democrats that are more republican-lite rather than progressive. But I will continue to vote with the democrats because they are more aligned with my values than republicans ever will be, and as much as I'd prefer to vote solidly for only progressive candidates, that isn't always viable. Either they aren't running and write in campaigns historically almost never win, or they don't have enough support against an incumbent Dem, or would split the democratic vote so much that it would give republicans too much control. At times, we have to be pragmatic, swallow a bitter pill, and choose the lesser or two evils, with the hope that the one we end up with can be swayed to our causes. I voted for Bernie Sanders with enthusiasm in the primaries, because he was my guy, but it was clear early on that corporate democrats had all pushed so hard to get Joe Biden as the elect that Sanders didn't really stand a chance. It sucks, but I knew I still had to support Biden in the general election because it was either Biden or 4 more years of a monstrous sociopathic narcissist fascist destroying our country, our environment, and our very lives with the failure to contain the pandemic. Biden isn't Sanders, but he also sure as hell isn't El-Doucho. And Biden has demonstrated that he's willing to work with progressives and take their policies and positions into account.

I think that many Americans are like this; like me, voting in the two party system because we don't have ranked choice and other options like the Green Party or Libertarians or whatever, and voting for them only split votes from one of the big two, giving control to the other. Anyway, this was a really long tangent just to say that the GOP doesn't represent half of America. They're a minority but they rule as if they represented half of everyone. But you are still right to suggest they've lost moral authority.

**TLDR: Long tangent about Republicans representing half of America when it's probably closer to a third. Or, old man yells at internet.**
Hmm.  Kids want to believe that America is best...and learning about our country’s checkered past can be as upsetting as learning about Santa.  
It’s a tough pill to swallow.  
Could that be the point where kids divide into
groups that are angry BUT want the country to do better 
Or groups that are angry and become disaffected?
It probably had l-citrulline, a cheap amino acid, vasodilator, that also gets boners a bit bigger.

Sketchy import pills sold retail or clearnet often have unlisted ingredients - nothing controlled, but rx only in usa.  Check the FDA import bans to find the good/bad ones  - thats how I bought sibutramine, but I saw dick pills with import bans for unlisted sildenafil and related drugs. The manufacturers don't accurately nor consistently dose those products, which was noted in the FDA alerts, so a given pill might gave .75x standard dose or 2.5x standard dose.
They don't directly sell scheduled substances, they sell analogues of them and then spray them on herbs or put them in a pill and say it is some special secret blend that causes similar effects. Hint, they are not. If they work, it is because they have an analogue in them. It is a very shady gray market industry, but people do it. Spice was really the start of this. For a long time there was one fake weed brand that worked and it was a great debate why. Well, it turns out it was because they put an analogue cannabinoid in it. This still continues. There are definitely gray market amphetamine analogues being sold.

It used to all be ephedrine which is dirty feeling, but it works. However, I think most of those have been pulled.
You're taking this way too personally.  It's an idea, I respectfully disagree with part of your comment, why is that a hard pill to swallow?
After the 2nd one, he took her home and had little blue pill.
&gt; I also noticed you were quite selective in your stated year span there.

Because 1934 was when the National Firearms Act was passed. Before that, there was very little in federal firearms laws to begin with and the NFA is the basis for a lot of existing federal gun law. It set up the initial regulatory scheme for machine guns, which remained unchanged until the passage of the Hughes Amendment in 1986, which was a poison pill that fraudulently passed a voice vote. 

After 1986, we did have the North Hollywood shootout where robbers had illegal machine guns but no deaths directly attributed to legally owned machine guns have been recorded since.

&gt; I’m so happy to hear that you have to jump through those hoops.

The only hoop I should have to jump through is filling out a form 4473 and passing a NICS background check like any other gun purchase from a licensed dealer. The National Instant Criminal Background Check System is simple. Police and courts send info like convictions and involuntary committings to mental health institutions to the FBI, which compiles the data into NICS. When you buy a gun from a licensed dealer, online or not, you physically show up in the shop, provide your info, and they access NICS to check your info you provided on the 4473. If it passes, you get your gun. If it says denied, you don’t get your gun. If it doesn’t clear within three days, you can get your gun but if the system resolves itself and denies you after that window, the ATF is flying after you. NICS cannot flag people for information it doesn’t have though so if a law enforcement agency is incompetent and doesn’t tell the FBI you have a domestic abuse misdemeanor, NICS will not flag you. And the three day part is to prevent the government from preventing gun purchases nationwide by simply screwing with the system.

&gt; Why on earth do you want easy access to machine guns?

Because I have a right to keep and bear arms enshrined in my nation’s constitution and I am a competent, law abiding individual who likes fun stuff. 

Ever gone magdumping melons with an SMG in the woods? Fun stuff.

&gt; But like driving a car, which can be extremely destructive as well, you need to prove that you’re capable of handling it. 

Ah yes the cars and guns argument. Not sure how it is in Denmark, but in America, driving licenses only concern operation on public roads and not ownership. A drunkard with three DUIs and a suspended license is not legally barred from buying a car and having it sit in his garage. 

If we regulated guns like cars, then I would only need a license to carry and this license would be available in every state on a shall-issue, no-questions basis with a competency test, training, and a processing fee being the only barriers. And this license would be respected everywhere in America from Guam to New York City. It would be respected in every part of every state no matter if it was an Oregon issued license or a Louisiana issued license. In short, I’d get a nationwide carry permit and I can own whatever I want on my own property. 

Now if we regulated guns like cars, in my home state of Maryland, I’d have to first get a vehicle qualification license, then get a background check for my car, ensure the car model is on the official state whitelist, and then I can own it. But to use it, I have to get a separate operating permit, which requires me to provide a “good and substantial reason” and is done on a may-issue basis so if the troopers in Pikesville don’t like my face that morning they can deny a perfectly valid application. And let’s say I do get that permit. It’s not valid in every state. And my state would recognize zero reciprocity. In short, if we regulated cars like guns, nobody in Maryland would be able to back out of their driveways and nobody outside of Maryland could drive in unless they have friends at the state police.


&gt; Why should it be easy to own such a destructive tool?

Because the American perspective starts from the complete different end of the matter. Whereas Denmark has no constitutional right to arms, logically the matter starts with “why should people have it”

We have a right to arms in our federal constitution and in most state constitutions. Because of that, we start with the default that the people should have it and work our way from there with the restrictions.
It is really hard at times. I’m a veteran and the fact she is supporting Trump and his notion that the election was “stolen” is a pill that is hard for me to swallow. It undermines our democracy, and takes the focus off of concrete voting issues like voter suppression and gerrymandering. The whole QAnon movement is using child trafficking as a way to use emotions and fears in people to sway their political views. Between QAnon and anti vaccine propaganda, myself and many of us face an uphill battle. My wife has drastically changed after getting in bed with QAnon. I often wonder when and if she will see past the propaganda. I thought the capital mess would help, but it sadly didn’t and people still support Trump and the propaganda being fueled by him and his base.
I too prefer my blue pill under the tongue
I dunno what blue pill *you* take, but mine dissolves under the tongue. :p

(poor attempt at trans humor)
&gt;This bill was 16 years ago, had a single sponsor who is no longer in politics, and I believe never even reached the floor. I'm all for articulating what one's ideal solution is, but there is zero political will to make D.C. part of Maryland. 

There were 6 proposals for retrocession by Republicans over the last 20 years. None get past committee.


DC statehood doesn't either, unless it's *snuck into a voting rights bill as a poison pill* like Pelosi did in 2020.

It's partisanship across the board.
That’s the crunch of that blue pill
&gt; You don't need a machine gun to protect yourself from the government.

Last I checked, I don’t “need” to justify my exercise or desire to exercise a right to the government.

Also, why do the police need machine guns? 

If I have to justify my exercise to the government, it’s a right in name only. The onus ought to be on the government to make the case for a compelling interest as to why a particular exercise should be limited and from there, a narrowly tailored solution taking the least restrictive means should be applied.

Furthermore, I simply want the Hughes Amendment (which was a poison pill approved by a fraudulent voice vote) to the Firearm Owners Protection Act 1986, which closed the machine gun registry set up by the National Firearms Act 1934 to be repealed. I’m willing to pay $200 for registration and the background check so I can put a third hole in an AR lower and make it full auto like Eugene Stoner intended. It’s not like legally owned machine guns have been a problem. Ever since 1934, there have been [less than five murders](https://gunmagwarehouse.com/blog/legally-owned-automatic-weapons-crime/) done with legally held machine guns held under the NFA’s registration scheme. And the [one time](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Hollywood_shootout) two guys went on a machine gun spree with illegal automatic weapons after the registration ban, the only deaths were the perpetrators.

Actually even the reasoning for the old machine gun registry scheme was pretty dubious considering most gangsters of the 1930s that had machine guns stole them from military armouries.

&gt; am sorry you have been radicalized by the gun lobby

I’m not radicalized by the gun lobby. I’ve loved firearms my whole life.

I remember as a kid I opened up one of those Shotgun News magazines and saw ads for machine guns and for semi auto AKs. Young me thought that it seemed silly that the more fun AK cost like 20x more than the semi auto one. 

If I’ve been radicalized by anything, it would be by our own Constititution and government stupidity. 

&gt; I'm not sorry you have to do the slightest bit of due diligence when you transport your weapons. 

Thankfully we have a thing called FOPA which bars states from legally molesting you for moving otherwise prohibited guns so long as one is transiting.

But no other right is treated like this in our Constitution. In every state you can openly practice whatever faith one desires. A Sikh is just as protected as an Orthodox Christian be they Marylanders or Texans. In every state, I am entitled to an attorney at no cost to myself in court.

Actually to make it worse, gun laws can even fluctuate within a state. What you can own in upstate NY doesn’t fly in NYC.

Imagine telling an Orthodox Christian he can’t make the sign of the cross with three fingers right to left and has to do it with an open hand left to right because wow he entered the state of California, which bans rifles based on how they are held. Or imagine telling a Jew that his kippah is not welcome within the limits of Philly.
Yeah, but we don't get that with our current system. The only magic pill that changes the two party system is a change in how we vote.
I have had exchanges with people on reddit who literally dream of a return to segregation.

I'm South African, that was a jagged pill.
I have been saying for years that WE THE PEOPLE will face no greater terror threat to our democracy, freedoms, and quality of life than that posed by the GOP which has long been nothing more than a wholly-owned subsidiary of war profiteers, criminal banksters, pill pushers and oil corps. that have the US military at their beck and call.
I've been thinking about this quite a lot given the threats and whatnot over the last week. Seems like we should put a "poison pill" designated survivor out there to dissuade crazies and foreign powers. 

Maybe President Obama, or perhaps Ms. Clinton in an "acting"role.
Moderate: What? No purple pill?
They are specifically looking for "poison pill" ideas that will make Biden look bad for undoing but are really horrible in actuality.
If they were more strict with thier community guidelines across the board, this would have been an easier pill to swallow for people wanting to wave away the alt right, but are dubious about big tech.
https://www.npr.org/2021/01/13/956279232/supreme-court-oks-white-house-request-to-limit-abortion-pill-access-during-pande
Boy they shoved that red pill all the way up your ass didn't they.
If you're someone who can save a person's life and you are given the opportunity to do so, refusing service definitely breaks their oath.  His history doesn't factor into it.  A doctor should try to save everyone, even the bad people.  Not to mention if you can excuse refusing service for the president, you excuse the right refusing service for a woman who wants a morning after pill from the pharmacist.
It was not long ago that we wanted Trump and Flynn punished for governing before they were in charge. Let's not be FANnatics, the Country is under the leadership of Trump. It may be a lacking leadership but he has the Nuclear Football, he executed someone this weekend, and whatever decisions he is leaving undecided those fall to Pence and Pelosi but McConnell still controls the Senate. 

Biden has a better plan, he seems to want to lead us through this. But he is not running anything yet. Please do not make this okay because you support Biden. Using your logic Biden executed the guy and took away the abortion pill last week.
Shocking. I mean, even with decades of the RepubliCUCKS proving that they are shameless liars and wholly owned by the oil corps, war profiteers, pill pushers, and criminal banksters, they prove again that they top themselves by sinking further into the CUCKservative gutter.
The Sedition party needs to be held accountable, from the top down, INCLUDING donors.  They've enabled this assault on our nation for the last 20+ years.  Time to hold this treason in contempt and start locking these people up for rehabilitation.  We don't need this poison pill to fester.  


Learn the lessons from Post WW2 Germany.
Ah, yeah. That’s sounds terrible. Probably why I’ve never heard it lol. Low chance I click on something called “red pill news”. Thanks for the context.
&gt;	Insider likewise found podcasts easily available on all three platforms that claimed President-elect Joe Biden’s win was “a fraud.”

&gt;The podcast “Red Pill News”, hosted by a user called RedPill78, described the US Capitol riots as “a staged event” in an episode aired January 11. That’s still available on Apple Podcasts as of January 17.
I think my brother said it has something to do with red pill six that was taken down and canceled off of an app

I specifically remember him talking about red pill six
I wish it could be as simple as “let fact be fact” rather than “let us control what is fact.”

I suppose trusting a government to *not* completely control what is “fact” would also be a hard pill to swallow.
Pillow -&gt; pill ow -&gt; ow pill -&gt; pain pills????
30 pills a day of oxycontin is not that big of a habit really. And opiate tolerance basically has no ceiling. Like yeah sure it is a big habit, but people who do heroin or fentanyl have WAY higher tolerances that 30 oxycontin wouldnt really do shit except fend off the shivers for a few hours. It also depends on the dose and the formulation. 30 OXY 80s (not the contin version, contin is extended release) is a massive habit, most would move to IV long before then. 30 oxycontin80 is a smaller habit, there is no rush as it only slowly absorbs so it doesnt reach as high a peak. It could also just be 30 of oxy percocet 5s, which is evidence of climbing habit and certainly an addiction, 30 oxy 20s is also certainly an addiction. If he is taking 30 of any pill a day he obviously is an addict and he obviously is getting it illegally.
That's unfortunately where were headed as a society. We idolize and fawn over celebrities and personalities, we consider influencers important and behave in a ferociously cult like manner over those we consider to be important or relevant just because we're told to, be it by them or the platform they represent.

Take the UK for example for an easy comparison, the Labour party (democrats) and the conservatives (republicans) pitted Jeremy Corbyn and Boris Johnson against each other, Corbyn resonated well with young adults and lower class were as Bojo resonated with older voters and those in middle class and up. People stopped caring about what the policies were and instead who they liked more. (This isn't the whole story as Brexit played a key role also but it gets the idea across).

Ultimately no matter how you see trumps time in office he lost any and all charm he garnered before his presidency to those who were on the fence and those who had already decided either grew to hate him more or were too invested to jump ship and went down the rabbit hole of the 'red pill'. (It's hard to admit your idol isn't a good person). 

Personally, I find Conservative policies backwards and the antithesis of progressive in nature even at their left extreme. Trump embodied the personification of those polices for me and made me hate him more than I can put into words because he represented more than just the angry lying old man he was, he represented everything wrong with the conservative platform and base at an extreme unlike any other. Biden on the other hand is labelled a puppet because he's so agreeable to the democratic base they believe his promises to be unreal, he represents a time of relative normality comparative to the trump administration and garners trust due to his nature. Regardless of policy choice, Biden is more likeable, call it debatable but I know no one that thinks trump is preferable. When policy choice is considered things get murky but on average unless your earning 300k+ a year there I no reason to vote Republican, your only shooting yourself in the foot.
And then Biden tries to poison pill the bill with a $15 federal minimum wage so he can blame Republicans and us Americans get jack shit.
I was gunna just be chill but then I got high...oooo oooo

I wasn’t gunna take a red pill, then I got hiiggghhhiiiggghhh la da da

Now I’m ona no fly list, and I kno whyyyiiii yeah-AH bcuz I got high, bcuz I got high, bcuz I got hiiigghhh
Keep in mind this person is a mod for pink pill lol they're not actually interested in any kind of evidence. They just like hating trans people.
&gt;Trump had already "signaled" that no help was coming. And mconnel would block it anyway, cause he be like that. Republicains continued to block even after trump was supposedly pro assistance. 

Trump was pushing additional stimulus months before the election - [$1,200 in early October](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/07/trump-calls-for-congress-to-approve-second-1200-stimulus-checks.html).  The problem most saw with this call was he wanted it "stand-alone" which meant that would be all in included.  Both Congressional leaders balked - they wanted their larger packages.

Let that sink in.  Getting additional goodies for their teams was more important than providing relief to Americans.  

&gt;They have different views. It just so happens that they self serving and mustache twirling.

Ah yes, take the title of bills and ignore any nuance that might be in the legislation that is the poison pill to get the votes against.  Because I'm sure the "We Love Americans Act!" would be voted for by all Democrats even if it included a tax cut for the richest Americans, right?

That's what the comment is essentially doing.  Its not that great of an explanation unless you don't think beyond the titles of legislation.  Take student loan forgiveness for example - make the working class pay for the upper class's student debt.  Great idea.
Either way the fact of the matter is, our own citizens are already suffering and being ignored by our governent, and they are requiring more sacrifice of their citizens for the well-being of foreigners. Hard pill to swallow
Doubt they'd trust anything from Pfizer cuz scary vaccines.  
Oh, and the pill is blue too.
You mean the company that carries and sells the most ammunition during mass shootings and who continued being a pill mill during the opiate crisis.
That’s actually pretty amazing, I’m all for this, it’s the least the govt can do. I’ve read that high rates of ED occur for those who are in and out of the military, even those in their early 20s from all the stress and bullshit they incur.  Now, what do they offer to women? Is birth control covered? Not just the pill, but options like IUD, etc? I haven’t looked it up, but I’m sure the answer is no. Just a hunch
You can always join the military for cheap Viagra!  $41.6m was spent annually on the little blue pill by the US military as of 2017, and $84m total on ED prescriptions.

https://www.menshealth.com/health/a19527780/us-military-viagra-spending/
They do, it’s just that one single pill doesn’t completely upend their averages. They shouldn’t.
In the past 4 years nearly every GOP election has resulted in a loss for them. Even Helen Keller can see that Trumpism, while popular among republicans, is literally a poison pill among everyone else. If republicans want to survive they need to re-imagine their policies to better attract young and suburban votes. The smarter of the republicans like Mitch and Romney see this. The question is whether the trumplian nuts will hold the rest of the party down.

Edit: I describe Trump like a football team that can reach the playoffs but never win the big game. When you have a team like that you sell of the good players and rebuild, you don’t try and force it to work.
Or some synthetic Happy Pill..... ?
I remember when MRA actually cared about things like mental health and suicide and real problems.

It was a fairly short ramp from "why are we all depressed" to spinning off red pill.   Now it's just discount red pill.

Which is sad because there are legit issues there, but they attracted and allowed to flourish the worst kind of men.

Now they are absolutely indistinguishable from misogyny.
Third, poison pill the countries policies before leaving office and stoke public anger 24/7 on Fox and OANN.
https://www.newsweek.com/matrix-creator-red-pill-trans-allegory-mens-rights-activists-1523669
Because they don't have a clear path to change... occupy fails... how many of them took the black pill?  Sanders' insurgent candidacy against the Clinton Machine... how many of them went with the black pill?  How many people marching for BLM took the black pill after being maced or shot with rubber bullets?  When you give people a cause to rally around and then only give symbolic gestures, they'll come around to realize that the game is rigged...

I assume you're one of the lucky ones like me that didn't experience extreme hardship due to the pandemic... on both sides of the aisle we've been screwed over for politic's sake,  link this all to Trumbo but it's been at a simmer for at least a decade at this point
Here I was thinking someone slipped me a crazy pill again today, thanks for making me feel normal.
I remember the Red Pill, slowly evolving from a woman hating sub (oh, sorry, they hate it when you call them that, they're just aware of the differences between genders) to a Trump worshipping woman hating sub.
Theres one hell of an incel-fascist pipeline and red pill - fascist pipeline as well.


Fascists have always had an easy time recruiting from populations of insecure, sexually frustrated men.
I don’t drink caffeine, but I definitely eat aderall when it’s available. Coffee makes my stomach hurt, sugary drinks aren’t really apprising, and tea just doesn’t taste good. But pill that can make me focus all day?
Reality is a hard pill to swallow.
Yeah..Im one of those. As a kid, i was mesmerized by the thought of seeing NY, San Francisco, Hawai, California, you name it.


Now, *if* I do visit, it’ll be when this crap is under control, with a morning after pill or two in my toiletry kit, a rolls royce level travel insurance in my wallet, and only for a holiday.

You honestly couldnt pay me to live in the US right now.
Yeah fuck right off with acknowledging the reality of our situation. We can swallow the pill much easier if we don’t accept reality.
Was hoping for guidance of red pill vs. blue pill - which one would return me to the matrix, blissfully ignorant? That white one sounds good too though.
Like I said on an individual level it doesn't necessarily mean you personally will reap the rewards immediately. In fact your immediate situation may become worse during the adjustment period. Even though it'll improve a lot of other people's situations.

But in the end, the majority will be better off. We can't make policy decisions that spare one or two people at the expense of thousands.

Naturally some people will have shitty outcomes. But in the end the country will be over-all better off for it.

The same can be said for the ACA/Universal Healthcare. Yes, some individuals will experience negative impacts in the short term and for those people the entire idea is a hard pill to swallow. Some of them will see the progress over-all and go "Well it was worth it even if it sucked for me." because they see the bigger picture. Others will only care that it negatively impacted *them* and not give two fucks how it helped dozens more than it hurt. 

Neither response is invalid but fact of the matter remains we should make policy that has the greatest benefit for the most amount of people even if a few people are negatively impacted by it. And largely if the people experiencing negative consequences are not in poverty and don't go into poverty then yeah, it's rough that you may have had to downsize or something but if your small downsize meant hundreds more got to upgrade I'd call that a win. *You* might not, but that's just personal opinion of how much you value your fellow man versus how much you value yourself.
Buddy, not to be a wrench in your doomer pill machine, but people in this country have been getting blasted by these right wing extremist thugs in churches, synagogues and mosques, night clubs, malls, schools, and stores.

Now they're trying to overthrow the U.S. Govt., a government that has ALL the guns, bombs and military training. Our men and women in uniform don't deserve to respond to this, but neither have they been early to the problem with any prevention strategies. The government has been allowing right wing extremism to foment before Trump was seated. Now its their turn to deal with this unchecked behemoth.
What color pill should I have taken?
Come on. You need to dumb it down for the voters. I guarantee you those Georgia voters were thinking $2,000, not math. Dems need to swallow the pill and push the $2K checks.
Time to swallow the red pill guys. Let's see how far down this rabbit hole goes.
Half of them need a blue pill and a walker to rise, metaphorically and literally. They lost and need to take it like champs. There's always a bit of controversy over elections in the modern era. They tend to be close. But holy crap, its over. The white power, corporate oligarchy, antisocial party lost.
True, but that’s the case with most polls. It mostly pisses me off bc this pill obviously makes sense bc that’s probably about how many people are democrats, or at least voted that way in the election. It’s not because a bunch of republicans changed their minds after the horror show of the last few weeks (which is what I think a lot of these polls imply).
Pardoning these guys is a poison pill that Trump is not going to swallow. By the logic of the lawyer mentioned here that would require him to admit that he did ask them to swarm the Capitol.
It's literally two pills, one to stop the development of the pregnancy and the other to cause contractions to basically cause an extremely intense period. 

The doctor literally just has to watch you take a pill, specifically the mifepristome. That's it's for the "procedure" of a medically induced abortion. You're sent home to take the misoprostol a couple of hours later, which is crucial to complete the process. So you're left with that responsibility on your own anyways. After that, it's all riding out the pain. 

This is unnecessary and extra torture.
The Repugs now have swallowed a poison pill. If they vomit it out they will be a minority party for a decade or two.
From the way the article is written it’s one pill, maybe two. Even the dumbest of patients can take a pill or two according to instruction. The fact that opioids have not been put back in the “must see a care provider” category, only the abortion pill, screams political agenda. It is a woman’s body and a woman’s choice.
It’s theatre, and the sooner you understand they BOTH have nothing but contempt for you as a normal person the sooner you’ll understand why he said that. Do you actually think, for instance, that Nancy and the House REALLY and earnestly were trying to get everyone that $2000 check sudden amendment to the last stimulus bill? They weren’t. They knew that there was absolutely no chance, it was just to force McConnell to vote it down days before the GA Senate runoff to piss off the GA voters. Wanna know how you can tell? 

   If they wanted anyone to actually get that money that quickly they would have amended the bill and cut out the appropriate amount of pork barrel and random foreign aid bullshit, so the bill didn’t massively soar over the spending ceiling. If they did that it would have passed House and Senate, same day. Straight up theatre, forcing a poison pill on the Senate majority leader to win an election at the expense of the more gullible American people.

 Now, if you’re even a little MORE cynical, you would look at the way Democrat WV Senator Joe Manchin seemingly came out of nowhere immediately after the election to berate the idea of spending that $2000 per person stimulus check. Being that he’s a lifelong politician that has successfully ran and been elected by both parties, I really doubt he decided to go to the press with that quote without consulting his party leaders. They’re already thinking about how to short us all and weasel out of their promises.   

    You get to a certain age and see enough elections, you eventually cut the bullshit. One party has a seemingly better public face about some issues, both absolutely don’t care about their constituents if it costs them a career in politics. Both have issues that will IMMEDIATELY cause the mask to slip and let you see them for what they really are. Just my two cents.
An abortion pill is not like taking an aspirin. It's a pretty hefty hormonal shock to the body, and it must be taken in conjunction with a second medicine. I'm not sure if it's wise to let people self medicate on this. You'd be surprised how many people are incapable of parsing written instructions.
At what point do you have to take responsibility for your own beliefs?

I’ve spent four years hearing rightoids (erroneously) claim that they are in effect immune from propaganda (Russia didn’t change any votes!!!), while pushing misinformation and propaganda, and now they want to claim innocence.  That’s a tough pill for me to swallow.
I was reading last night about how all this extremist stuff has now gone global just like how other things have started in the US and than other countries have than followed.  This is such a hard pill to swallow.  We have spent yrs as a country making poor decisions that have made us look bad than to now spread this nasty hate these people have with their crazy conspiracy theories on other countries.  It was saying that young youth of Germany are now what finding this cool and how is this more not like Charlie Manson cult s*it?  These people who worked under Trump don’t deserve sympathy and when you choose to make your bed than you need to sleep in it.  It’s sad that these people continued to work for him knowing how crooked and demented this man was.  Growing up my parents always said who they voted for was private and you should never ask someone who they voted for.  Than if became where people did all they could by putting on buttons and bumper stickers to let everyone know who they voted for.  I just wander how many people voted for him in the ‘16 and ‘20 election would admit now that they did.  So these people who worked for him well too bad you are totally screwed.  Hopefully this lesson will teach new and upcoming Politicians about the foundations of what this country was meant to be.  I look forward to the future.  They say most times you must hit rock bottom before you can go up.  This country needed it’s azz kicked.
&gt; Democrats don’t just have a difference of opinions with Republicans - we don’t even share the same reality.

Ultra conservative people CANNOT adapt to a world that doesn’t align to their views. They’re wired differently at a base level. It’s not their fault. 

Conservative people can, but it’s a bitter pill.
&gt; Repealing the fairness doctrine was such a fuck-up.

two things about that

a) It was likely to fall *eventually* through court challenge as a first amendment limitation on free speech

b) the entire premise can be used as a poison pill

For point B think about this. "It required broadcasters to devote some of their airtime to discussing controversial matters of public interest, and to air **contrasting views** regarding those matters. "

Imagine if anytime you talked about climate change, that you MUST give air time to climate change deniers. Or imagine right now when talking about the election that you MUST give air time to people who claim there is undeniable proof that it was stolen. 

also worth noting, that the Fairness doctrine was an FCC rule. So channels like Fox News, CNN, and MSNBC wouldn't actually have to abide by those rules anyway.
I’m extremely fearful that Ted is going to run for pres next time around. He’s going to pickup the pieces of what trump laid out, clean it up, and present White Supremacy as a more easy to digest pill for Republicans. He’ll talk about voter fraud, how the election was stolen, and how he’s going to rebuild the Republican Party. And all those people who supported trump will now have someone that is an easier sell to vote for.
Its the centrists poison pill so they can be like "we tried but republicans refused"

just a guess of course
I'm so sick of the mindless drones who latch on to some damn fool thing and don't let it go.  It literally seems like we could synthesize a pill that cures all cancer and you'd have a good number of people who are pissed that the pill is grape flavored.
He was kicked out of the Navy for refusing the Anthrax vaccine.. Yet; ooo random pill from stranger, yummy!
Hey! 

I have that same pill box
It's a good thing I don't drink Recaf either. I just take the pill straight.
I do love people saying 15 dollar minimum wage is a poison pill. We have four years of regression or stagnation and 15 dollars is a killer for some people lol.
Not at all the point I’m driving at. I’m just saying that we’re all basically stuck in a damned if you do damned if you don’t Mexican stand-off and that I’ve been worried about things heading this direction but it’s still a tough pill to swallow.
I understand the reasoning, and I'm split 50 / 50 about whether it's a good idea.  So let me illustrate the somewhat improbable fantasy:

The reasoning is that Joe Biden--- healer in chief--- pardons Trump as a show of good faith to Republicans, which then gives guys like Mitch McConnell enough breathing room to pass some moderate reforms with Biden and the dems to show Americans what low drama, functioning-government-that-works looks like again.  Then after 4 years of rising prosperity and a lower political temperature, people compare that to the chaos and insanity of the Trump years and say "yeah, you know what, we're tired of all that."

Of course, the problem is if Biden pardons Trump in order to show good will its also just as likely Mitch promptly flips him the bird, declares to everyone that "his goal is to make Joe a 1 term president," and we're right back to the usual bag of dirty tricks without ever holding anyone accountable.  Then Joe Biden loses out on the opportunity to be a "unitary executive" like Trump.

The only thing is... I don't see a way out of our deepening political chaos without trying.  The bitter pill though is that every time democrats are in charge, they are expected to play nice and by the rules of democratic institutions.  When Republicans are in, they cannibalize democracy itself for short term political gain (see "Election was rigged by Deep State Pedophile Cabal").

So what's should the path be for the dems?  Play nice and hope this time they don't get kicked in the balls after lowering their guard to extend an olive branch?  Or play by the same rules the Republicans set this last election, destroy what's left of the system, and hope they end up being in control of the "managed democracy" instead of Republicans.  This later path means true democracy is over in America, whether it's Republicans or not.

What a crappy situation.
And by extension Red Pill subcults
They didn't want the coke and pill stashes found.
It’s a fun thought but Rudy is so mad and random that trying to use him as a witness or information source would be a poison pill for a prosecution.
Yep. This is less about abortion than it is about being in person to pick up the pill. Which to me....who gives a shit, really?  

That is a dang small bit of effort to meet in order to actually abort a pregnancy. Hell in Mississippi you have to drive to Jackson, go to the 1 abortion clinic, wear cevlar vest, and a shit ton of bullcrap just to have the ability to maybe have an abortion, depending on the day.
From my understanding, and i may be wrong, this isn't really an abortion restrictions as much as why the heck can't someone go in person to pick up their abortion pill.
Yes, but if Johnny can slip a pill to Mary, and Mary just thinks she had a miscarriage. He saves 18 years of child support. It's all about low risk/ high gain. None of those examples you gave have the same risk/reward ratio.
I grew up on the Wisconsin side of the border from Antioch, used to basically wander the same territory Rittenhouse and his pals do/did. Good or bad, this is the only thing this woman has going in her life and she's going to make the most out of it. Most people like her just wither away through pill and alcohol addiction, contributing only to the general economic and social decay of the Southeastern Wisconsin/Northeastern Illinois area until they eventually die an unremarkable death. I wouldn't doubt that with all the bullshit adulation her and her son are receiving, she probably believes that this is her Golden Ticket out of her boring and depressed existence.
The people who pointed that out down the thread were talking out their asses: there is no lack of documentation. This drug has always been prescription-only, remains prescription-only, and would remain prescription-only even if this ruling had gone the other way. 

Moreover, SCOTUS did *not* rule there is “good reason” for singling out this drug among ALL other drugs in the USA for exclusion from mail delivery. Mail delivery of prescription drugs is incredibly common. The FDA allows even tightly controlled narcotics to be mailed to patients. The potential for misuse of other drugs besides an abortion pill is much, much greater — yet *those* misuses still aren’t sufficient reason for the FDA to restrict them to in-person pickup.

At least you acknowledged the restriction on this medication is onerous. But it’s onerous for no reason at all.
You're unfortunately forgetting (like most of us American's are) that this terrorist cult doesn't need anything regarding logic, they just need comfort.

Antifa is a representation of "the man" that's been holding them down their entire lives and has always been more powerful than them and represents them in the worst possible light (all in their view).

So for them to say it was Antifa is an easy pill to swallow because they didn't "sit idly by" they "had no power to stop them". Trump didn't tell Antifa he loved them, he told his supports in secret code that he still loves them and they're very special and reminded them that he is working against Antifa from the inside.

It's all just pacification of their fears, which is the only lens through which they view the world.
Was this the sex cake doctor or the pill pushing Dr. Feel-good?

Edit: sex cake
Heavy pill usage will do that.
Republican party was their poison pill.  It was their idea, and now they turn around and bash it claiming it was ALL democrats idea.  Never negotiate with terrorists.
I could be wrong but don't you need a prescription for birth control? Isn't this pill just a lot more hormones at once? I don't see why going back to Dr prescription required is bad.
Yes and as someone down thread pointed out there are good reasons to restrict access/ require documentation of who gets it that aren't about restricting access for women to get an abortion. 

Specifically unfettered access could result in spouses, partners or parents slipping the drug to a women who wants the child but they don't.  

Now the women being forced to get it from a health facility seems onerous  in my opinion but the Dr being required to know who is obtaining the pill seems like a reasonable requirement. 

Now I am a male, so if women feel differently about it I will default to them.
One thing i have realised with politics is that most people don't want what they are asking for, they just want what is best for them at the time.

Most people don't want Obama care, what they want is their life saving medication to not cost $800 a pill when it used to costs $4 to manufacture. But Obama care (for some people) solves that problem, and its the closest thing on anyone agenda / manifesto, so that is what they will vote for.

But yes, it is brilliantly funny how much people flip flop. If you want to truly support freedom of speech laws, stop making new laws that force certain types of speech!!!!
Here is the danger with not restricting access to this drug...

"Johnny" gets a "Mary" pregnant. Johnny doesn't want to pay for a baby, but Mary really wants the baby.
Johnny goes and gets an abortion pill and slips it into Mary's food. Problem solved for Johnny, horrible event for Mary.
A pill that can end a pregnancy could be very dangerous in the wrong hands.
&gt; On Tuesday evening, the Supreme Court released its [first abortion decision](https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/20pdf/20a34_3f14.pdf) since Senate Republicans confirmed Justice Amy Coney Barrett to replace Ruth Bader Ginsburg. The court’s unexplained, unsigned order allows the government to restrict access to the abortion pill. It also provides a strong signal that the new court is willing to indulge restrictions on abortion, even though the Court did not bother to explain why. Some may be inclined to write off the Court’s decision since the incoming Biden administration could change the specific regulation at issue in the case, which required women to pick up mifepristone in person from a medical facility. But the decision serves as a standing invitation to states to impose yet more draconian restrictions on abortion.

Quite the flex
If you don’t believe me about “Red Pill” actually meaning your relatives forcing you to watch horrible real child Murder porn read [this comment chain](https://reddit.com/r/QAnonCasualties/comments/kvyu2b/_/gj3a0dq/?context=1) from r/QanonCasualties about Lin Wood’s Twitter account. It explains what’s going on and why the Q’s aren’t telling anyone what they did. They’re all felony sex offenders and child pornography distributors. All of them.

That’s what radicalized everyone in their homes last year. It wasnt being stuck in their homes. It was being stuck in their homes with relatives that forced them to watch real child porn. Over and over. For hours. Until they believed. That’s why they brag on YouTube about red pilling so many people. They are LITERALLY bragging about being guilty of distributing child murder porn. Millions of Americans.

2020-2021 is gonna be a weird ass chapter in the high school history books.
The GOP are nothing but cowardly, traitorous fucks at this point. 


The only - ONLY - reason McConnell is pushing this into the next Senate is so that the GOP can distance themselves from the consequences. If they conduct it NOW, the second (and first) Impeachment trials would be held under 'the Republican controlled Senate'. They shredded the Constitution in the last one in support of Trump, but this time they might HAVE to vote yes or else risk alienating even more of the nation. But they don't want to risk losing all their "loyal base" who have swallowed the Trump pill. So they kick the can into the next term.


Suddenly, we'll begin to hear endlessly about 'the Democrat controlled Senate' holding the trial. Even if a select few of the GOP are "allowed" to vote yes (enough to kill ties with Trump forever), you can bet your ass those votes will be selected from among purple states. Those who need to vote with reality rather than the fantasy land of Trump. Damage control. 

I'd be willing to bet a LOT of money we begin hearing comments blaming 'the Democrat Senate' for Trump's downfall within days of their taking over.
It has definitely been a tough pill to swallow. In a year of confusing shit, things just seem to get more confusing.
Sorry, she absolutely DID choose to have a kid. She chose to have unprotected sex, chose to keep and not abort, chose not to give it up for adoption. Unless she was raped and then forced to deliver and keep the child,  that is all on her. And the other poster is correct that it is a poor life choice. Yes, lots of people make it, but none of them are victims. Plenty of other kids have sex, but they take the pill or slap on a condom. You know, taking intelligent responsibility for their actions.
She might just take the red pill and froth at the mouth before expiring. Hail Hydra!
I don't agree with censorship, but it would be beautiful if every time they came back from commercial break, there was a mandatory 10-second cautionary-intro about how this isn't actual journalism.

Sort of like the beautiful law that forces pill-pushers to spend the greater-half of their commercials describing the possible side effects.  They try their best with the soothing narrator voices, but still, IT'S FOR THE PUBLIC GOOD.
Comey should consider building a time machine, traveling back in time to the morning after he was conceived an put an abortion pill in his mother's orange juice.
This woman needs to take a fucking chill pill
I love how a guy that had everything and decided to throw it away for the good of the American people (regardless of what type of person he has been, because I’m sure everyone here has never failed at a thing in life, or made a wrong decision.) has been almost successfully coup’ed by an entire media group and friends. Do you guys realize that in any country other than America, speech is not free, what you say is used against you at almost all times. What you do on a day to day basis is monitored, where you go. People are in control of what you are seeing on news. Only in America has this been possible for near 300 years and because we as a generation are failing to understand our own advantages over any other society known to date, that may become forfeit. We have turned on the very man who has set out to give us the ability to be free in our speech and free in our action and pursuit of happiness. I believe in all of you as experiencing pain in this being human. This very existence brings forth struggle daily, and most of us are at war with that struggle. We fight for some sense of comfort to the reality that this world is not perfect as we hope and believe it can be. Reality still sets in however that there is struggle and pain, and rather than realize that it happens do to a collective of decisions to accept this, we place blame on a singular entity and hope that if we rid ourselves of such entity would free ourselves from our pain, just as our pharmaceutical companies have given us the false idea that if we take a single pill, we are capable of overcoming pain, or childbirth, or many other human things that occur because of this condition of being human. I plea to you, fellow human beings, understand that this man, a man you know so little but have such hatred for, is only doing what he thinks can benefit others from the experiences he has collected as we all do in this life. Please think for a second about the fact that he is also a human. Think about it for a second what it must be like to live a moment in this mans shoes and have the authority to make decisions which both lead to death and struggle, but having to choose the one leading to less death and struggle, and not knowing which one is right. Maybe then I believe you will understand how incredibly hard this man (that you so easily hurl insults at) fights for your and my freedoms every day. I hope that when you read this you understand I am not affiliated with any party, I am simply an observer who is tired of seeing humans hate other humans. We have so much more to do in our lives than waste our time on this.
I love how a guy that had everything and decided to throw it away for the good of the American people (regardless of what type of person he has been, because I’m sure everyone here has never failed at a thing in life, or made a wrong decision.) has been almost successfully coup’ed by an entire media group and friends. Do you guys realize that in any country other than America, speech is not free, what you say is used against you at almost all times. What you do on a day to day basis is monitored, where you go. People are in control of what you are seeing on news. Only in America has this been possible for near 300 years and because we as a generation are failing to understand our own advantages over any other society known to date, that may become forfeit. We have turned on the very man who has set out to give us the ability to be free in our speech and free in our action and pursuit of happiness. I believe in all of you as experiencing pain in this being human. This very existence brings forth struggle daily, and most of us are at war with that struggle. We fight for some sense of comfort to the reality that this world is not perfect as we hope and believe it can be. Reality still sets in however that there is struggle and pain, and rather than realize that it happens do to a collective of decisions to accept this, we place blame on a singular entity and hope that if we rid ourselves of such entity would free ourselves from our pain, just as our pharmaceutical companies have given us the false idea that if we take a single pill, we are capable of overcoming pain, or childbirth, or many other human things that occur because of this condition of being human. I plea to you, fellow human beings, understand that this man, a man you know so little but have such hatred for, is only doing what he thinks can benefit others from the experiences he has collected as we all do in this life. Please think for a second about the fact that he is also a human. Think about it for a second what it must be like to live a moment in this mans shoes and have the authority to make decisions which both lead to death and struggle, but having to choose the one leading to less death and struggle, and not knowing which one is right. Maybe then I believe you will understand how incredibly hard this man (that you so easily hurl insults at) fights for your and my freedoms every day. I hope that when you read this you understand I am not affiliated with any party, I am simply an observer who is tired of seeing humans hate other humans. We have so much more to do in our lives than waste our time on this.
They took the red pill. Shoulda grabbed the blue one
Yes, they could even get a hotel / motel in a neighboring state.  But this will still discourage a lot of people from going.  People are lazy.  In the 90's they took a common pill used for suicide and changed it from bottle to blister pack.  Suicides with the pill dropped like 30%.
PMSNBC spreading more phoney outrage from the left.

They need to take a chill pill.
holy fuck doug you were supposed to take a single red pill, not the entire jar
lol like a pill that makes you call managers before you fall asleep
Also Mutiflor, if I'm remembering the name right, which was basically an early fecal bacteria transplant pill. It's a legit treatment these days, very useful for reseeding the GI tract with good bacteria. But I'm also immature, so I'm going to laugh about Hitler eating shit pills.
When abortions were banned thousands of women died getting illegal abortions. now all you need some morning after pill all you're doing is creating a black market.
Oh thats right. I guess i didnt take my blue pill today cuz im asking a whole lotta fucking questions. 

Did you take ur blue pill today?
It's not an "abortion" pill.
Honestly I think they’d be worse to AOC because she’s an attractive young woman. There were a ton of incels and red pill basement dwellers that were there. You think they wouldn’t  jump on the chance to take their frustrations out on her during an insurrection given the opportunity? Getting hanged would have probably been a lucky out, as horrifying as that is to say.
I know, I'm such a pill.
I believe NPR erred in calling this a 5-4 decision. Other news sources are saying it was 6-3, which is more believable, given the unfortunate additions to the Court recently (https://www.politico.com/news/2021/01/12/supreme-court-restrictions-abortion-pill-458436).
The possibility that the only POTUS to ever be impeached **and** convicted is a Republican is too great a pill for them to swallow.  Remember, the impeachment of Clinton was retribution for Nixon.
The pill means less doctors needed to do actual abortions. Doctors are in short supply right now. This makes zero sense.
Ya’ll got anymore of those Red Pill memes? 

[https://observer.com/2018/10/robert-mercer-bankrolled-pac-ali-alexander/](https://observer.com/2018/10/robert-mercer-bankrolled-pac-ali-alexander/)
Can we take abortions and guns off the debate table. Tired of the same shit from the same people. Is there a pill to abort Trumps! :)
So is this Cuba thing a poison pill so that the GOP can rile up Cubans in exile once Biden tries to normalise relations with Cuba again?
The red pill was poison .
From the article:

&gt;The case involves a Food and Drug Administration requirement that a pill used in medication abortions must be distributed to patients directly by health providers and not by retail or mail-order pharmacies. A lower court temporarily suspended this requirement during the pandemic; the Supreme Court’s decision effectively reinstates the requirement.

And then:

&gt;It even appears to have singled mifepristone \[the medication of interest\] out for particularly restrictive treatment. As Sotomayor writes, “of the over 20,000 FDA-approved drugs, mifepristone is the only one that the FDA requires to be picked up in person for patients to take at home.”  
&gt;  
&gt;This is why *American College* is such a significant decision, even if it does not make any explicit changes to the Supreme Court’s legal doctrines governing abortions. Instead of holding that abortion is a constitutional right entitled to special protection by the courts, the decision in *American College* suggests that the government may treat abortion-related treatments more harshly than any other medical treatment.
Hi don’t know—they can convict without removing him from office. It’s going to be terribly complicated, politically speaking, but I think this is a much easier pill than the last impeachment.
i am actually familiar with jury trials, having defended them, and the stats you cite. i was being needlessly snotty towards you because i have been in too many threads on this case in the last few days and am exhausted by the red pill-based opinions of some users. sorry.
in every fucking thread on this case, there is some dude asking why “females” rarely receive the death penalty. it has nothing to do with anything but their own fucked up red pill-based ideas about women.
Doubtful, McConnell would probably rather Trump convicted vs. Trump resigning. 

He’s not dumb, he knows that Trump is a poison pill anyway and will either hold the 24 primaries hostage or run as an independent. By having him convicted, he can’t run again &amp; Mitch can count on whatever resulting right wing outraged to be drowned in hatred of the opposition (democrats, liberals, socialists, et). 

Whereas Trump resigning would only lead to the same embarrassment but with a high chance of disturbing the republicans in the ‘24 election. 

The GOP will need to live on past Trump anyway, and McConnell would rather that happen sooner rather than later.
I agree and we should always keep an eye out for these things becoming a problem, but this decision is hardly about stopping abortions. It seems to be about who is responsible for distributing the abortion pill and if that becomes problematic during a pandemic.
Invest it all in radical new boner pill technology
This article and the judgement is confusing as hell. All I saw was one page of Roberts denying retail buying of the abortion pill (vs doctor visit) during the pandemic, and 13 pages of Sotomayor dissenting. 

What were the other votes? Did one guy really make that decision?

And what happened to the free market? Furthermore, women should have the right to decide what to do with their bodies.
The old "poison pill amendment" strategy
Red pill is a hell of a drug.
these guys will bite the cyanide pill before saying anything bad about their orange god
More people than Benghazi died at their feet last week because Republicans helped red pill their base and let them get worked into a state of hysteria at the word of the president and the GOP is still flooded with folks more worried about their social media accounts
FYI: [this is just a return to an Obama-era policy.](https://www.vice.com/en/article/epg85a/fda-refuses-to-improve-abortion-pill-access-under-coronavirus)

&gt; From a medical standpoint, a provider doesn’t need to be in the same room to prescribe mifepristone and misoprostol, the drug combination proven to be safe and effective for early medication abortions. But FDA regulations most often force that video conference to occur in a clinic and never in a patient’s own home, car, or any other space where they may feel safer and have more privacy.

&gt; “Mifepristone must be dispensed to patients only in certain healthcare settings, specifically clinics, medical offices, and hospitals by or under the supervision of a certified prescriber,” according to the FDA’s Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS), a set of requirements supposedly meant “to ensure that the benefits of a drug or biological product outweigh its risks.” **The REMS were first put into place for the brand-name Mifeprex in 2011, under the Obama administration**, but the drug has had similar restrictions since its approval in 2000.
Sore losers. Swallow the pill.
I think you call the doctor after 4 hours for the opposite problem... for ED, it’s easy! Many totally legitimate pill companies thankfully email daily so that you don’t need to have that embarrassing conversation with your doctor.
The Packers are basically the only professional team that *can't* move.  First, the team is owned by 360,000 shareholders who would never agree to a move.  Second, there's some sort of poison pill in their charter that would force all assets to be donated to charity before allowing the team to move.
Also can kill the Trump core without being the one to take the blame. It's a bitter pill to swallow and could kill many senators chances of reelection, so the minimum needed will help rebuild the party while causing the least damage.
The pill seems horrifying.
Poison-pill treaties. Heavy penalties if far right takes over.
Mitch sees the writing on the wall and wants no part of this treason. He's already in balls deep. He know this is his chance to cut his ties and get rid of the poison pill forever. If he doesn't and anyone gets hurt, Mitch will be blamed for preventing impeachment twice. The axe is hanging over his neck.
The choice is simple. Vote to impeach and you get rid of this poison pill, you cut ties with him, and he can't run again. It's a win all across the board. You just need the courage to do your job and slay this monster.
Anyone who got pregnant by someone like Jason Miller is EXACTLY who needs to be picking up this pill.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/12/us/supreme-court-abortion-pill.html?referringSource=articleShare) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; BREAKING.Jan. 12, 2021, 6:13 p.m. ET.WASHINGTON - In the Supreme Court&amp;#039;s first ruling on abortion since the arrival of Justice Amy Coney Barrett, the court on Tuesday reinstated a federal requirement that women seeking to end their pregnancies using medications pick up a pill in person from a hospital or medical office.

&gt; The Trump administration, which often seeks Supreme Court intervention on an emergency basis when it loses in the lower courts, asked the justices in August to stay the injunction.

&gt; In October, in its first encounter with the case, the Supreme Court issued an unusual order returning the case to Judge Chuang, saying that &amp;quot;a more comprehensive record would aid this court&amp;#039;s review&amp;quot; and instructing him to rule within 40 days.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/kw4ba5/supreme_court_revives_abortionpill_restriction/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~552817 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **court**^#1 **Justice**^#2 **abortion**^#3 **Drug**^#4 **wrote**^#5
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/12/us/supreme-court-abortion-pill.html?referringSource=articleShare) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; BREAKING.Jan. 12, 2021, 6:13 p.m. ET.WASHINGTON - In the Supreme Court&amp;#039;s first ruling on abortion since the arrival of Justice Amy Coney Barrett, the court on Tuesday reinstated a federal requirement that women seeking to end their pregnancies using medications pick up a pill in person from a hospital or medical office.

&gt; The Trump administration, which often seeks Supreme Court intervention on an emergency basis when it loses in the lower courts, asked the justices in August to stay the injunction.

&gt; In October, in its first encounter with the case, the Supreme Court issued an unusual order returning the case to Judge Chuang, saying that &amp;quot;a more comprehensive record would aid this court&amp;#039;s review&amp;quot; and instructing him to rule within 40 days.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/kw4ba5/supreme_court_revives_abortionpill_restriction/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~552817 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **court**^#1 **Justice**^#2 **abortion**^#3 **Drug**^#4 **wrote**^#5
I imagine that JtHa77 is saying that the government should not be passing laws intended to circumvent telemedicine abortion, since research tells us there's no medical reason as to why the pill must be taken in the physical presence of the doctor.  It's just as safe and effective when the doctor isn't actually in the room with you.

As sad as it is, public health authorities are not always politically neutral, and can be lead by those with ideological opposition to abortion.
Best case Trump fades away.

I don’t know if that’s going to be possible though. People that are angry about the terrorists are baying for blood and they’re lumping all Trump supporters in with those that breached the capitol.

They’re already being purged on social media,  being doxxed, getting fired and now we’re seeing all these companies refuse to deal with them (banks, internet infrastructure, fucking Spotify deplatforming Trump).

People seem to forget that 70M voted for Trump after he rallied them around the idea they were being persecuted. If some of his base is now *actually* persecuted they’ll all feel like they are and this shit won’t go away - you can’t put that many genies back in the bottle or disconnect them from society.

Storming the Capitol could be the end of things if America is willing to forgive the MAGAs and actually include them (bitter pill to swallow) and just go after the real law breakers, but it seems like the mob wants anyone affiliated to Trump to be destroyed which would just make this event the beginning.
Actually, the medication being discussed here, mifepristone, is not dispensed at a pharmacy, but instead by the prescribing doctor; it's a medication that's on the REMS list (though there's no good reason for it to be), so pharmacies don't carry it.

The whole thing about it being prescribed in-person is to circumvent telemedicine- where patients have a video consultation and then the medical professional on the other end is able to remotely dispense the pills for the patient to take. Telemedicine abortion is used in rural and ideologically hostile areas where abortion is largely unavailable, to help patients access it without the undue burden of travel. Requiring the pill to be taken in the physical presence of a doctor is just an attempt to make it harder to access.
Actually, the medication being discussed here, mifepristone, is not dispensed at a pharmacy, but instead by the prescribing doctor; it's a medication that's on the REMS list (though there's no good reason for it to be), so pharmacies don't carry it.

The whole thing about it being prescribed in-person is to circumvent telemedicine- where patients have a video consultation and then the medical professional on the other end is able to remotely dispense the pills for the patient to take.  Telemedicine abortion is used in rural and ideologically hostile areas where abortion is largely unavailable, to help patients access it without the undue burden of travel.  Requiring the pill to be taken in the physical presence of a doctor is just an attempt to make it harder to access.
If that is Plan-B or type of pill, that is absolutely not abortion. I couldn’t see that mentioned in the article.
I'd be more worried that someone like [Jason Miller](https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/) would be the one picking up the pill.
see. the thing is , and as crazy as this sounds , i feel like if we could all just drop all the left right nonsense (which is a tall order . tall lol) the people could do the controlling , wont be no "big" anything. 

big tech? fuck that. massive corporations ? gone . big pharm? no longer hooking unsuspecting injured americans on chemistry set grade black tar heroin in a tiny super convenient pill. (whats killed the brilliant and irreplaceable Prince btw) like . wtf are we doing   

idk. theres probably like , technical difficulties to taking back control from these fucking corporations who are chewing us up and spitting us out ,  but we are getting absolutely nowhere fighting over literally nothing amongst ourselves. 

wait... ... ...
More specifically, it personally cost McConnell significant power. That is a far more bitter pill for a tortoise to swallow.
You can take a pill to manage the symptoms but it will always be there with the occasional outbreak here and there.
I read this comment 30 min ago. Since then I almost fell a sleep with help from a sleeping pill. But I got a text I had to check and while writing that, the magnitude of the information and how fucked we could be and the days chosen for their terror attacks, got into my brain. As in, even though we know now it was a terrorist attack poorly executed by what their target was, they knew exactly what they did and comes back hard the next day. Writing on sleeping pill is really hard and this ended up with saying what I would poorly and half my thought and realization of how fucked this is. Good night and bless you.
It began as a slang term for "enlightened". Specifically, with regards to an attitude of "I can see the flaws in this racist/sexist/homophobic/etc. society that are invisible to most other people. This makes me special, and gives me a responsibility to act on this information and/or share it with other people". 

(See also the slang term "red pill".)

However, it is now more commonly used by people *criticizing* those who hold that attitude. And once a term becomes a slur, it quickly becomes diluted to simply mean "person I do not like", regardless of whether that person has *any* relation to the term's original meaning.
Hell, just put some Xanax in a few jars laying about.  These pill popping assholes will not be able to resist.
Because pill-popping, lapsed-Catholic, cat food collectors are a key Q demographic.
Yes, I agree completely. It's a very tough pill to swallow but even granting the idea that they directly called for people to storm the capitol, the legal remedies for that should have nothing to do with the no fly list. Using the no-fly list in this kind of way is absolutely an abuse of that power and could easily be turned around on the left in the future.

Although I get that people are grasping at anything to punish these people because they feel that they are likely going to get away with it and face no repercussions (and they probably will). But the better side has to be the better side.
Not paying child support is illegal. 

Doping a girlfriends drink with an abortion pill against her knowledge is illegal.
It's probably the cyanide pill the Russians installed in his molars coming loose. Or he's just a slack-jawed moron.
right? how many Americans are suffering in barbaric torture cells for a doobie or a pill or a drink? How many kids are in torture cells for truancy during a fricken plague? How many kids sit in rikers because they jumped a turnstile?
I think this may be the result of conceding the primary and throwing his support to Biden after he won’t the nomination. Biden was a tough pill to swallow for progressives, but when I saw Bernie get behind him I figured he cut himself a deal, and I didn’t mind because Bernie is the kind of guy to cut deals in order to serve the people, not himself.
Ah, the ole, he did what he was paid handsomely to do, cheated to win multiple times, and plays for the bandwagon jumper and bostonian loved team that EVERYONE ELSE FUCKING HATES.  How helpful to society.  What an exceptional cultural accomplishment.  

&amp;#x200B;

Ill give him some credit though, at least he can smell a poison pill when it is proffered.
What I want to know is, who got this in the bill? And why? Was it supposed to be a poison pill? Congressman angling for more tourism dollars for a new Roswell?
The orange blob gave one to Rush "Mexican Viagara Pill Popping" Limbaugh and had the nerve to criticize Hunter Biden's drug issues.  Now,  Gym "May I sniff your Jockstrap" Jordan gets one. Thankfully, nobody with two marbles in their head respects either ass hat.
If he's even alive still. Dude is old, fat, and a pill popper.
My insurrection is the biggest insurrection, I hesitate to say it, biggest most powerful rock hard insurrection any president has ever had. I mean, I don't say it, but thats what they are saying. Ivank.. Melania loves my insurrections, no pill needed, it just insurrects every time, even when she looks at me like a bottle of detergent, i just do it, boom, insurrection.
I just look at the ParlerWatch and InsaneParler I think it is, subreddits...

The problem is there are too many Westworlders.

"That doesn't look like anything to me," the second it threatens their preferred easy programming. 

They are the ones plugged into the Matrix that take the Blue Pill knowingly. Over and over and over.

I dated a guy for 3 years whose family then voted for Trump in 2016 and played rabid sycophant to terrifying effect... And when I raised very careful concerns, they dropped it and acted like "Oh I'm just getting in the team spirit. Not really gonna burn down Planned Parenthood."

They want to be part of the team. It's team sports. They're literally too intellectually lazy and dumb to actually learn enough to be righteously active in politics. They just want to skim and talk shit every four years.

But unfortunately Trump's radicalization has absorbed a decent percentage of those "casual, lazy conservatives," and has turned them rabid. They don't know how to shut it off anymore.

There's a reason I got the hell away from that ex, his family, and got the fuck out of Indiana...
Nah it's like a bad shroom trip. We're at the part where you start to feel sober again but actually are about to peak balls. There's no going back, we took the red pill and brought trump into being, the portal can not be closed. This is the new normal.

Just wait, 2021 STARTED with an insurrection at the Capitol in a failed coup. Gonna be a wild year ahead.
Alex jones is the human equivalent to an expired gas station boner pill
Dude I live in Seattle. In-the-middle-of-it-anarchist- jurisdiction-Seattle. I saw how Fox News made it look, and I’m here to tell you to have a chill pill and take a deep breath.
But there's a big difference between voting to convict compared to abstaining. I think that's an easier pill to swallow for the GOP
What the hell, he doesn't even deserve it. When's the last time he called someone a femenazi, or went to rehab for pill addiction, or came down with a terminal illness from the same thing he had been claiming couldn't kill you?
These people aren't going to kill Biden and make Kamala the first woman president.  Its a poison pill to these monsters.
She needs to start limiting her interviews until she retires. She isn't mentally quick enough anymore to deal with adverse questions. She becomes annoyed and lashes out even though there are good answers  she should be giving.

Her response to the accusation of obstructing the Covid relief bill was just infuriating. She should be able to give a 90 second timeline highlighting Democratic efforts to overcome GOP objections to delivering relief. Her messaging on this has been a problem since the summer. Every American should have learned what a "poison pill" was before the November elections.
Really was never a serious award to begin with.

Shit I'm pretty sure Rush Limbaugh has one. He keeps it on the shelf next to his empty pill vials and Klan hoods.
Look at it this way: In their mind, they're the equivalent of the heroic rebel alliance in Star Wars. They're good, and the dems and "elites" are clearly the evil empire. The idea that no, actually the guys you've been rooting for and identifying as are actually the villains is a pill many just can't swallow. So they project and blame everything bad onto their enemies instead of any self reflection.
When I ran for office once (failed miserably, but a good experience)  I put my position as follows:  "Polls indicate, depending on the specific question asked, that 45 to 65% of Americans believe in the right to choice.  We have no consensus that abortion is wrong.  Instead of debating when life begins, which is largely a philosophical question, I am vastly more interested in solving the real problem - unplanned pregnancies.  This can be done by better sex education, making sure birth control is available to all, and if need be, the morning after pill. These have all been found to be effective and very cost effective."
Dear God, you're taking this far too personally. I don't know why he's being considered for the Medal. If it has anything to do with football (it probably doesn't), then his documented history of ethically questionable decisions (happy I didn't call it cheating?) would then, in my eyes, make him unfit to be a recipient of the Medal.


If he's being considered for anything unrelated to football, then you're right, his track record of ethically questionable decisions with regards to football wouldn't necessarily disqualify him.


But I'm sure we all know Trump is considering him, most likely, because he's buddies with him. I'm not necessarily saying he isn't deserving based on some of the causes he works with, but we all know how Trump is. If you're not his friend, he doesn't give 2 shits about you. 


Take a chill pill.
HIV is a known quantity. We have effective treatment with a decades long track record. Of course it's still not something anybody should want but as long as you have access to treatment there are really much worse things to worry about. It really is just taking a pill every day and seeing your doctor for regular checkups. I think the stigma of it is worse for a lot of people than the actual illness now (assuming you have healthcare). And I say that as someone who was briefly romantically involved with someone who was positive. I had a hard time with it psychologically which is why it didn't work out (and she was up front about it) but looking back there really was basically no risk with her on medication and us using protection.  I just couldn't deal with it mentally but I'm somewhat ashamed of it now. The AIDS crises seared itself into the brains of those of us that are old enough to remember when it was a death sentence. COVID is absolutely more dangerous on average at this point, hopefully the vaccines will end that.
I'm glad it is not up to individual politicians who wins an election. It is determined by counting the votes which were cast legally. I guess that is a tough pill to swallow for a majority of republicans.
Honestly I don’t find it that funny, I find it sad. That guy sounds like a kid who was manipulated by politicians, conspiracy theorist lunatics and dick pill salesmen masquerading as journalists. He’s responsible for his actions, but you can’t absolve those who gaslit and brainwashed this dude.
Is just going about your life really that hard of a pill to swallow? We don't always get what we want, but we can always make it worse by throwing an unnecessary temper tantrum. I love my life, my family, and my home. I would do anything to protect them, and the best way to do that is to keep doing my job and being the best person I can be. Be kind to strangers, and be tolerant of other points of view. The woman who was shot at the Capitol threw away her own life and her family's happiness because she forgot how to live alongside other people. Being an adult means accepting compromise. Sometimes you win, sometimes you don't. If you have to commit a felony to feel better about your bruised ego, you deserve every minute of prison time you receive, or whatever the consequences are for your actions. Job #1 of the government is to secure the peace and security of the people. We can't afford to humor violent mobs.
Losers like you that believe in that Red Pill crap are the real joke. Always looking for someone else to blame.
The vast majority of the attackers are still free. If they don't join other radicals in another attempt soon, I expect more than a few will try lone wolf attacks over the coming years. 

They were expecting to dominate Democrats for years to come with trump. It's a tough pill to swallow with all three branches about to lean Democrat. Especially considering what these radicals think Democrats want.
The problem finding this guy is that he looks like every other goatee’d, slack-jawed, pill addict in coveralls. I see 100 people that look exactly like this dip shit every day in my Southern state.
honestly terrestrial radio seems to be supported entirely by dick pill alternatives, testosterone treatments, and personal injury lawyers at this point no matter what station or band it's on
This is our political process in action. If you don't like it, you're welcome to go to the Capitol and force your way into the House and... Oh wait. Maybe just take a chill pill. This is government, not instant coffee.
Um.. didn't hitler kill himself in a bunker right before allies closed in? Or did he manage to stand trial dead? Or did he not take a cyanide pill with his mistress? ... Hate it when basic history facts get confused :/
This will already be the fastest impeachment in our history from inciting incident to passing the House floor. 

Everyone needs to take a chill pill.
I love it when people think the American political process should function like a fucking vending machine. That's not how it works. That's not how is has ever worked. That's not how it will ever work. What you're witnessing right now is top speed. Take a chill pill.
"Here, Gym, take this poison pill."

"Dah, ok boss..."
1 Tim 2:12 " I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet." 

Yes. I can imagine they would point to prophetesses in the Old Testament, but it would be a hard pill to swallow. We'll have to wait and see.
Shut the fuck up Eva and munch this pill
How do YOU know about the new boner pill from Pfizer? I thought “once daily sedition 30mg” was still in a prototype phase awaiting clinical trials?
Just heard Trump plans on awarding the Medal Of Freedom to Bill Belicheat. Seriously? I swear that piece of shit loves honoring people like him: liars, cheats, and thieves. Impeach now, then take back and rescind Rush "Pill Pop" Limbaugh's Metal Of Freedom!
I read that they had seriously considered it but the issue is that if he is mentally sound and there is any delay in the process then you run into a situation where you have two presidents and then it becomes an increasingly confusing situation from there. With trump being trump I’m sure he’s got a poison pill option to delay the process in some way.
Personally I think the first thing they should pass is the SAFE act, which the Senate refused to consider. It significantly bulked up election security and was essentially DOA when proposed in 2019. As a reminder, the party that is now claiming widespread election fraud systematically refused to bulk up election security leading up to the 2020 election:

 

Trump's GOP

* [Hamstrung the Federal Election Commission](https://www.npr.org/2019/08/30/755523088/as-fec-nears-shutdown-priorities-such-as-stopping-election-interference-on-hold)
* [Blocked **Bipartisan** Election Security reforms in the House](https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/the-third-time-year-gop-rejects-election-security-bill-msna1313176) (DETER Act)
* [Refused to give the SAFE Act passed by the House a Senate vote](https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/house-dems-pass-bill-election-security-safeguards-paper-ballots-msna1247791) (SAFE Act)
   * The reasons to not pass this one were super funny.
      * One senator objected to the Poison Pill inserted by the radical left: The bill stipulated that any voting machine used in election be "*capable* of administering a system of ranked choice voting." Not *requiring* that it be administered, just that the machine have software *capable* of it (pretty easy btw) so that states that have opted for ranked-choice voting will be able to use the same machines as the rest of the US.
      * They also objected that the ballots had to be printed on 100% recycled paper (also suuuper easy nowadays). Let me say that again. **RECYCLED PAPER is part of the radical left agenda, and because it is soooo radical, no secure, audit-able voting system should be instituted**. Because of RADICAL RECYCLED PAPER
      * and that states should bear 25% of the cost (which is *so* reasonable I have a hard time believing it was one of their only objections, as they now allege) [despite their argument that some states can't afford the upgrades necessary to bullet-proof the systems.](https://www.govtech.com/elections/Despite-Risks-Some-States-Still-Use-Paperless-Voting-Machines.html)
* [Killed a provision to force campaigns to disclose contact with Foreign Entities](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/30/politics/senate-removes-ban-foreign-election-help/index.html) (SHIELD Act)
She seems drugged to me.

If the history of western civ is written someday maybe the epitaph will be "and they were all prescribed [insert pill] for some temporary ailment and it became a permanent addiction."
He's exactly the type of democrat you would expect from WV. It's a bitter pill to swallow but if it wasn't for him, his seat would be R.
In a sense, I just wish people wouldn't over simplify this. It's not just about race, it's economic. People LOVE to claim it's not, but it is. These are people who have believed in the American Dream or been taught to by parent, grandparents, etc. Conservatives more than Liberals have always really bought into that lie. But things in this country have been getting worse for everyone. While statistics talk about how white people make more, have more, etc. Their situation has been getting worse as well. Substantially in some cases. It's important to remember a lot of those articles about white wealth vs. POC include very wealth individuals. Take that away and look at just the average white person and they're not doing so hot. Pre-COVID most americans regardless of race couldn't come up with $400 for an emergency. Only about 8% of americans, regardless of race will have enough money to retire, etc, etc. White people are right in there.   


And if you grew up being told that if you just worked a LITTLE hard and didn't get in trouble, you'd get the American Dream,  and you've become adult and realized that in fact, you're actually fucked and what you're got is really as good as it gets - assuming it doesn't get worse (COVID made it worse) - that's a hard psychological pill to swallow. White people suffer from it more because minorities are far less likely to take success for granted. They know there's no gaurantee of the American dream - but at the end of the day the rage here is a realization that trickle down economics and the American Dream are a total lie. And some people CAN. NOT. COPE. And it's way easier to believe that there's some mythical force hiding behind a curtain preventing it all from being real and if they just get rid of that thing everything will be ok, than to accept that your mediocre existence is all there is.  It's much easier for some people to think that there is a conspiracy to keep these things from them that they can overcome, than to accept them been voting for people who've been fucking them for decades.   


So yeah, it's whitelash, but it's largely born of the horrendous economic situation for average Americans in this country. And yes, I know they are racist but even MLK Jr discussed the fact that racism, militarism, and poverty were all linked. As, I believe Lyndon Johnson said, if you give a poor man someone to blame you don't have to pick his pockets, he'll empty them for you.
I'm not, because people don't fundamentally change. They slightly adapt and only when it personally affects them.

Also: "Partisan divide" pfft. Leftists don't defend nazis and the 00.1%ers. Bipartisan politics is a poison pill.
The only problem with this is that it means it's that much harder to pass any sort of legislation.

I get the intention, and I agree, it's *absurd* to have, like, SNAP funding tied to voting security or something equally asinine.

At the same time, pork is how you negotiate, and no pork means no negotiations.

But that said, that system assumes people are acting in good faith - instead you have fuckheads in congress attaching poison pill riders to get people to vote against stuff as a political power move.

I don't know what the solution is, because at it's core, *any* system requires the participants are acting in good faith, and the Republicans have not been for a decade or better. 

"Let's name a bill the "Save American Puppies Act" but also include dramatic cuts to SNAP and Social Security! That way we'll have a bunch of democrats on record as being AGAINST the "Save American Puppies Act" so we can crow about it on Fox News to further radicalize our base!"

Even if you name a bill appropriately, I.E. The Affordable Care Act - that won't stop the right wing outlets (who, let's be honest, work at the behest of the right wing itself, they are in no way independent) from calling it "Obamacare" and making sure every one of their viewers who hears about it has visceral, negative reactions. 

Until we root out the bad-faith actors (read: Republican Politicans/Media apparatus/GOP) there are no rule changes that won't be abused.
Seeing and living through a failed coup at your own doorstep ought to be a tough pill to swallow, but apparently that's not the case with Trump enablers.
It is essential that we pay attention here because Fox News is the slow poison that is ultimately one of, if not *the* main contributor to everything we've witnessed. 

Trump was a match stick, a catalyst.  He burned bright, and as a figurehead he's going to burn out quickly.  For four years he blazed and rampaged, but that isn't a sustainable model.  He'll end up flaming out, going to jail or being a Republican fundraiser and king-maker, but little else. 

This suits Fox just fine.  A lot of Trump supporters are going to have a lot of emotions that need soothing after the 1/6 terrorist attack.  Fox News will pacify them, will tell them how it wasn't their faults, how they were still right all along, how this was all ANTIFA's doing.  They'll slowly claw back control from Trump, whispering in their ears, telling them they're special, that they're *right*, to keep fighting the good fight, to keep electing fucking idiots into office and reassuring them that soon, any day now, that Make America Great Again promise will be fulfilled.

Fox News is the poison pill that will make sure none of these people ever learn their lesson.  Fox News is the veil that will make sure none of them ever look at the actual world around them. 

This is the real cancer.  It's not as flashy as Donald Trump and capitol terrorist attacks, but it is far, far, far more dangerous. 

Fox News, and other more or less radical news outlets following its lead, which together create the Radical Right Propaganda Network, are what enable Republicans to have such a strong showing election after election. 

They are what perpetuate all these fucking absurd myths about Republicans being "for the troops" or "good for the economy".

They're the pry bar that continues to rip people out of the bedrock of reality and set them adrift, where they will believe anything Fox tells them. 

Without Fox to continue to operate, 24/7, spreading mass lies and delusional fantasies to tens of millions of US voters, Republicans would have gone the way of Richard Nixon.  They would be penalized for bad behavior.  They would be held accountable for failing their promises. 

Instead, **all** Republicans live, to some degree, in a mass delusional fantasy that does not even remotely resemble real life, and that makes it extraordinarily dangerous.
And she is a minority. It’s a hard pill to swallow for the MAGA crowd.
I honestly think tech giants and social media have realized something

that capitol building could have been their headquarters....all on trumps command

and now they realize YES...it is a fight...

YES...these people are being radicalized in specific places to eventually come after you

and you have to start not just responding to them but also going on the offensive

these radicalization breeding grounds need to be attacked, delisted, deleted, and hacked to the ground

there is no reason becoming a terrorist should be easy....grandma and grandpa should not become "freedom fighters" online when they barely know how to operate their phone

that red pill just got yanked off the fucking shelves....you still wanna swallow it?...learn how to navigate the dark web and change your ip and shit....

fuck you
Must be a bitter pill to swallow when you realize the kind of crowd you bring in when you yourself are disgusted by them...well Mr. Trump...those are YOUR PEOPLE...not the AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Like I said, changing from housing domestic terrorists to housing foreign ones is a pill that no state, and not even the federal government, is willing to swallow. Hence why the prison at Gitmo stays open. It would be nice to  live in an idealist world, but the reality is, it is just politically and logistically easier to leave things as they are.
One of the things I’ve learned as I’ve gotten older is that you refrain from discussing 2 things - religion and politics. You can in some way tie back to these 2 things for almost every reason a war has been started. 

I’ve got a regular foursome I play with. One of them shares roughly the same opinions as me, so we can have conversations. One is a republican and voted for Trump, but not an actual supporter - which is fine and I can understand his principles and we can have civil discussions about politics. The last is basically just a batshit crazy conspiracy theorist and avid Trump supporter. He keeps telling the rest of us that we need to “take the red pill” or “wake up” and stop watching/listening to MSM and that he’ll “be there for us when we’re ready”. He one of those people that believes that Michelle Obama is a man. COVID is a hoax by the extreme left to disenfranchise Trump and ruin his election. Stuff like that. 

Thankfully, majority of the time he’ll keep political beliefs to himself on the course, but has no problem “speaking up” in our group text message planning for the next weekend. The few times he does speak up, someone will interject or whatever, but for ‘fear’ of starting a full on argument/fight, it gets shrugged off most of the time. 

I know he means well and all, and he’s honestly a good dude. But I struggle more and more with how far off the reservation he’s gone and wonder if I should continue the friendship.
It seems to be the norm with these guys. The person who drove a car into the crowd in Charlottesville lived with mom. Now he’s in a jail cell. 

Roosh V, the “king” of the PUAs and one of the founders of the red pill/MRA movement lives with his mom just outside of DC.
For those saying this isn’t related to the attempted coup, how do you know that?  How do we know that he wasn’t working with the terrorists and that the fbi was closing in and he offed himself with a cynanide pill he was hiding in a false tooth?  You don’t. I’m just asking well thought out logical questions. Do the research!!!
Purple pill maybe?
My brother is a 27 year old Trump supporter who lives at home with mom and refuses to work for anyone that isn't himself. 

After 2015, he has never been the same, I sense that he feels deeply disconnected from society and has resentment towards everyone and everything. Growing up he was always outspoken and troubled with anger management issues. But sometime during the 2016 election he really took the pill and spent 8 hours a day on Facebook arguing with everyone. From grandparents to ex-girlfriends. If I was going to ever post a news article (about anything really), I knew it would be followed by paragraphs of arguments from my brother. 

His behavior was actually the primary factor for me moving out. Those outbursts didn't just stay online and they were driving me insane. I was working full-time for the first time in my life and having to come home to that nonsense every night.

Quite recently he has deleted his Facebook, which has garnered a lot of praise from my family. Including me, it was a good move. But deep down I'm worried he just moved to Parler.
I just watched tenet last night. Trump is absolutely the type to take a pill to kill everyone on earth just for spite
After the covid vaccine roll out, we are gonna need them to get going on a red pill from the matrix.
Alex can't afford that. Dick pill and snake oil ads barely keep him in business...
Aren’t you glossing over the facts a LOT here buddy? 
Who’s responsible for creating those world views?
Who’s feeding themselves a victim pill? 
Controlling the media outlets and pumping disinformation for decades made Trump a reality.
Pushing an agenda using gerrymandering, minority rule and over representation of rural areas will be met with opposition that you can derisively label as ‘Woke’.
Rolling over didn’t help with stopping the Civil War or WWII.
Cause and effect are easier to understand and explain than lamenting the existence of opposing world views.
He cannot obstruct justice. I don't know this for sure because of course everything that seems to be law is not right now, and he could try and prove everyone wrong, take the CCCP stamped red pill, stay in Wonderland, and see how deep the rabbit hole goes.

Russia wins in every scenario with trump involved though.
It was proof that 99% or more of domestic terrorists are white supremacists. Hard pill to swallow for some. Trump flags should be looked at like the confederate flag in future - if they aren’t already. Ban them outright I say.
Thing is it's so deep in the american psyche that most can't see it for what it really is, so they argue left and right how they aren't racist and aren't part of the problem, because it's a hard pill to swallow that they might be 'bad'. But whiteness is the majority default perspective here in the US.
Nah, they are Americans. America raised them, coddled them, taught them, protected them. They belong wholly and completely to the United States of America.

It’s a tough pill to swallow but those people  are consequences of America. If they’re not something you like turn your ire and focus on the environment that bred them. 

America will have to wear these people like an albatross, I’m sorry to say.
&gt;Can America just take a chill pill? 

We did by electing Biden. The rhetoric over the next four years will quiet down a lot. The lunatics that have been effectively given a voice and power over the past four years will once again go back to OANN, Newsmax, and the other places that peddle in conspiracy theories. At least for the next four years, the White House won't function as a spokesperson that empowers these lunatics.
I'm not an expert in the matter, but there's a reason nobody ingests cocaine orally. Your stomach would process the pill bit my bit, giving you a slow release and the intended effects. By crushing and snorting, the entirety of the substance is absorbed into the blood in your nasal passage, where the barrier is extremely thin. You get as high as possible as fast as possible. Again, same reason why hardcore users inject heroin instead of smoking it.
Yeah notice how hard these people are trying to justify armed insurrection to over throw the US government.  The reality that they are the baddies is hard pill to swollow.
Jesus! For crying out loud. Can America just take a chill pill? Like seriously now. A Canadian friend begs.
&gt; Parler CEO John Matze decried the punishments as “a coordinated attack by the tech giants to kill competition in the marketplace. We were too successful too fast,” he said in a Saturday night post, saying it was possible Parler would be unavailable for up to a week “as we rebuild from scratch.”

What competing product does Apple or Google or Amazon provide?  

And how much are people willing to pay for this link to their god?  Maybe some My Pillow ads and sponsorship by Remedies from Alex Jones’s Pill Palace as support?
Nah. The GOP actually had a very sophisticated long term goals that they have been planning for the past few decades. Check what kind of strategies and goals the Koch Brothers have been pushing the past few decades. It was very methodical and practical. Get the state and local legislatures. Get the gerrymandering done. Foster The Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society. 

And Trump was a useful tool for the GOP to capitalize on as he wasn't scared to push the boundaries that other GOP politicians wouldn't try. Like the whole Jerusalem deal. And his antics proved to be a good smoke to cover hundreds of justice appointment.

They just didn't expect Trump would be such a poisonous pill, but in the end, they have achieved so much that the Dem could only dream of.

Dem has to get their shit together and try to get some methodical long term strategy and plan that can get results.
However, they need to remove him to get the vote to make him ineligible. And if they remove him then a Republican president becomes the only president to ever be impeached and removed from office. Would they really be willing to swallow that pill?
Just saying what he said. Take a chill pill. Critical thinking also says he's carrying them vs being strapped to his vest like the other guy but they're both going to be convicted felons of prob at least 4 felonies, so why mince at this point.
Ms McCain:

It may be time to walk away from the red pill blue pill bullshit and join the millions of us who don't swear fealty to anyone.
Take a chill pill and go with these nice gentlemen...
From what I’ve read from experts is that the effect of the 25th ammendment really isn’t to be utilized for axing the head of the president off. Essentially if they’re unable to rapidly transition to Pence and if there’s any delay in doing so it poses the risk of there being two presidents and then that opens up a can of works for a situation that just gets increasingly confusing. Spoiler alert, there’s probably some poison pill delay just on the edge of the table ready to drop if they were to try and go through with it.
A pain pill problem is utterly pedestrian compared to the skeletons in the closet of the rest of the GOP.
My fingers are crossed for a cyanide pill ending which would silence all the idiots
It's a crafty poison pill for Biden because reversing it would leave him open to accusations of being pro-China.
Did you get lost on your way to the red pill ? 
https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2019/01/13/prohibition-women-blame-history-223972
Shit, I've been found out!  Time to bite down on that cyanide pill...
&gt; The part where he says you name it....

He does that all the time, especially when he's lying about things. My take is that this is just a publicity stunt to drive brain pill sales.
Please, so point to some credible sources. So point to the Democrats who have been actively (smh) racist or (shudder) “misandrist” (high red pill).


Then, I can point to over 100 active GOP politicians, high profile right wing news hosts and pundits who have actively supported ending American democracy, have ties to alt right extremists, quote Hitler among others.

Want to give it a try?
Yeah, this is millions of people that have been preprogrammed to ignore any media they don't agree with, labeling it as a hoax or fake news. Its like we need a red pill.
It's a tough pill to swallow but the evidence is as clear as the situation we're in.  The truth is we failed to stop them when it mattered, hindsight is 20/20, and we'll all be looking back on Trumps presidency in horror that treated him like such a big joke.  It's not funny.  Trump has never been funny and we GAVE this to him for not taking him seriously, and the people who downvoted me simply can't handle that fact.
Marshall and Estes hound have put on their Dunce Caps and joined him in the corner! You can't fix stupid. There's not a pill you can take, or a class you can go to.
Real hard to admit that you've become the very thing that you swore to protect this country against. Alot of people have to come with the terms with that fact. That's a tough pill to swallow.

We can heal and grow as a country. But it won't be easy. Further alienating the entire group will do nothing but reinforce these ideologies. They have to want to be better, yes. But it will take an equal amount of support, reinforcement of values and great patience from the rest of us. We all have to do our part to make this world as good as we can make it.
&gt;“My sister was a normal Californian,” her brother, Roger Witthoeft, told the New York Times. “The issues she was mad about were the things all of us are mad about.”

&gt;Babbitt had served in the military for 14 years, Witthoeft said. “If you feel like you gave the majority of your life to your country and you’re not being listened to, that is a hard pill to swallow. That’s why she was upset.”


Yeah, ok pal.  No one was listening because she was a fucking nutcase.
Anyone who profits from the disinformation... electric chair. The drug addled, Mexican Viagara pill popping, multiple divorced Rush Limbaugh deserves the chair as well before he dies of cancer.  The Medal of Freedom will leave a nice burn pattern around his butter fattened neck. That fat fucck.
He doesnt give a damn about west viriginias. He talks big shit about being pro-working class but always sides with the wealthy. Like a republican poison pill.
&gt; There's video or Alex Jones calling QAnon out for its bullshit.

Not trying to refute broader points you brought up, but this isn't really new - Jones has hated QAnon since it started since it cut into his followerbase/pill sales. For a while he had his version of Q, an "intelligence analyst" named "Zach". Once Jones realized the "Zach" character wasn't helping bring in listeners, Jones pretended the CIA had sent him to Morocco or some nonsense.

While Jones and QAnon have overlapping ideologies, they're separate entities that sometimes clash.
Hey, I’m not the one using poor language against politicians and complete strangers on Reddit. Maybe take a chill pill and get a hold of yourself? Or expand your vocabulary or something.
In the end every conspiracy theorist is driven by the fear that there is no control, and by the wish that someone is in absolute control. They are fighting against what they need to be true in order to not go mad (which ironically they do in the end). 

The fact that in reality we're living in a world of thousands of factions, where one side doesn't know what the other is doing, is the much bigger pill to swallow for some people.
I heard that Trump was responsible for this capitol riot.  But I believe I also heard that he was responsible for George Floyd’s death and various other things, way back when. That was a tough pill to swallow. 

Anybody else feel that one individual can’t be blamed for others’ actions?
Trying to red pill/infect others, family members and friends turned into weird awful shells of themselves, can't be reasoned with, crowds besieging people trapped in buildings. Minus the supernatural crap, this is a zombie movie.
As long as I don't have to take any MAGA, that's a hard pill to swallow.
It’s very hard and very painful to accept the reality that the person you love and spent years with and have intimate memories with is also an evil, murderous monster. It’s a big pill to swallow. I don’t begrudge the time he needed
Its About time wannabee hitler got the red pill.
The optimistic side of me would hope that the media would apply the same level of scrutiny to the next administration. My rational side knows that no real questions will even be allowed to be asked of the policies that are pursued by this incoming administration. It will be fun comparing the Trump and Biden press conferences.

I don’t want to be divisive in my rhetoric here, I just mean to try to express my opinion. I’m sick of left vs right, it was fun until we had an insurrection on our capitol. We need to simmer down, take a chill pill and start talking to each other again. These social media platforms are not conducive to productive conversation about governing policies.
Massive red pill good job Twatter
These times will be the rantings I tell my uninterested grandchildren while I rock back and forth on my rocking chair 

*thats nice grandpa, have you had your afternoon pill?*
It's an emotional intelligence thing. They are starting from their strongest felt emotions and working backwards. We all do this to some extent, but many of us don't have such strongly felt emotions because we've been forced to temper them in one way or another. So there is no magic pill for this. In addition to making the main sources of misinformation liable for their deeds, we are also facing a generation or two of one side having to be far more patient, "tolerant," and compassionate than the other side. It's not fair, but that's the reality of the situation as I see it. Frankly I don't think we're up to the task. I know I doubt myself sometimes. But I hope I'm wrong.
There needs to be a top-to-bottom investigation of Trump's "Red Pill" traitors.
My family has always been wonky with meds.

The prozac should take 1-2 weeks to build up, but I get immediate effects with no build-up and then the jaw aches once it has built up. Before Prozac, they tried me on Zoloft which also takes weeks to build up. With just one pill of a miniscule dose, I lost sight in my right eye. Took all day to wear off.

My sister is immune to knock-out medicine. Had to get a tooth pulled and they gave her, dentist's words, "enough to kill a rhino," but it had no effect at all on her, so they froze it and went to work with her fully awake.

I can't wait to find out if my son got the "you're a tank and nothing can take you down"  genes or the "just a puff of smoke will knock you on your ass" genes.
Ugh.

Fuck this.

I had to pop an Elvanse pill. 

Suffering from the lack of dopamine that gets released every time Trump posts some bullshit.

On the plus side, social healthcare. Can restock whenever I want. Feel sorry for the ADHD-Americans that can't!
This is what is needed. Other ideas floated are more like the red scare of McCarthyism. We need a public .gov site that lists crime and evidence. No secret fisa courts. No ambiguity like well he called someone but we can only guess what was said. No “reports of” or “sources close to”. No Hearsay.

Yes some will deny it but the majority will just shut up about trump and try to forget they ever believed him.

Go look at any of their “red pill” material and you’ll find mostly half truths not flat out lies. This is how the propaganda roots.
I know it will pay off in the long run. I support progressives which is why Biden is such a hard pill to swallow. 

I do appreciate that he credits Sanders with parts of the plan. That was a pretty cool thing to do, since Sanders was well ahead of him for so much of the race. Especially the beginning. All he's lacking is Sander's plan to fund it. 

I disagree with a lot of Biden's policies, and I disagree with a lot more of his decisions so far as President-Elect. But not this one.
Depends, what time you take the blue pill at?
We’re all going to get, pill induced, 3am presidential alerts if you cut off all avenues of communication lol.
I'm a feminist with a degree in Women's Gender and Sexuality, my arguments are based in the work of prominent scholars in the field of toxic masculinity. I'm as far from being manipulated by 'red pill losers' as you can get. if you're interested in the subject of toxic masculinity from an academic, feminist perspective, I recommend [Tough Guise 2](https://www.kanopy.com/product/tough-guise-2), you might be able to access that through a public library card, our local library where i am has such a subscription. 

It sounds like you're fairly privileged, and insulated from the reinforcement of toxically masculine norms, which, you know, good on you for escaping it man! No one should ever begrudge you that. Just don't punch down because you don't understand why its harder for other people who might lack your wealth, race, and other advantages.
100% this. I no longer listen to anything he says anymore, but his "red pill" period where he had on Alex Jones in 2019 for the 9/11 episode where they talked about how much of a savior Trump was for the government. That couldn't have been harmful at fucking all. /s
Twittler sits in his bunker, staring wistfully at the cup of covfefe with the sirenide pill mixed in.
I used to believe that--used to be manipulated by the "Red Pill" losers. But the amazing thing was, when I abandoned all that--and started actually expressing myself confidently in reasonable ways--I found great success and confidence as a man. You should try it too!
Pfizer now has the vaccine in little blue pill form, to make it easier for longtime trump voters to swallow since they're so used to little blue pills from Pfizer already

THIS IS A JOKE obligatory
Doctor, yes, it's been more than four hours... No, it hasn't gotten softer, if anything it is even harder... No, I didn't even take a pill.
She looked like she hated her bitter pill more than any of the other Senators that changed their minds. She was ready to go home. Unfortunately the majority of the people in her home hate her lmao.
It's a bitter pill to swallow, but still, it takes guts to admit you were wrong. Most Trump supporters will not do it, even if they think so.
Conspiracy thinking is a lot like a collective version of paranoid schizophrenia- if a subset of people were compared to an ailing brain.   
  
Shitty part is, you can’t just take a pill and level out your neurotransmitters.
They could legally vote on the impeachment AFTER Jan. 20th.  And one of the punishments will be to never hold office again.  From the point of view of a republican, That could be a good thing to avoid a DJT 2024 spoiling the GOP.  Do it after the transition and really wont matter as much. Easier pill for them to swallow.  Meanwhile the rest of the party starts to collapse.  I think there are at least majority of senators that will roll on Trump. They just wont vote to REMOVE.
Debating certain ideologies seems pointless.

Debating flat eartherism seems to have made it more prominent. Same with creationism, or other  young earth theories.

And likely the same with nazism, Nationalism (of any flavor), white supremacy, anti-semitism, red-pill, incela, racism, and such.

They have a value system that is based on evil, so debating it always seems to open up ones own value system to the evil.
Sooo...in this version of the story: 

The party that controls the Presidency and Senate is powerless, and the Democrats are behind everything.

The cops are not on the side of the President, who wants them to be able to enforce the law with impunity.  Instead, they work for the defund the police Democrats who want to reform laws and increase their legal liability.

The Parler &amp; QAnon types who have spent the last two months openly talking about revolution and the last 2 years talking about killing Democrats in general, would never, ever do this. 

The 2nd amendment obsessives, who own large collections of tactical gear in order to prevent a tyrannical government from taking power, are in no way up in arms about an anti-gun Democratic party about to control the Presidency and both chambers of Congress.  

The BLM protests saw tons of arrests and riot control measures.  These guys were politely asked to leave while taking selfies with the police.  Exactly how the Democrats wanted it.

The evil double-dealing Dems, desperate to discredit a movement that lost 60 court cases due to lack of evidence and legal standing, decided to let these people attack their highest ranked members in order to secure an election they had already Constitutionally won. This was literally the best plan they could come up with. 

The President's personal lawyer stood in front of the crowd and called for "trial by combat" at the Save America rally. The President then got on stage and told these people to march directly on the Capitol to disrupt the proceedings.  But like, they didn't mean to actually _do_ it.  They were just fun'n around. 

The President did not call in the National Guard, make any kind of  statement for hours, or do anything at all to stop this. Because...I guess the Democrats hid his cell phone or something. 

Instead this was all carried out by ANTIFA, a disorganized movement of fringe dwellers in hoodies who weren't actually there, except in expert chubby, beardly American flag t-shirt disguise.  The hundreds of loyal free-thinking Trump-supporting patriots who do their own research and aren't blind sheep had no choice but to mindlessly follow them. 

Alright, that makes perfect sense, I'm on board.  Where do I sign up for my red pill prescription?
I know her job title, but can someone better informed tell me what she’s actually *done*? Every time I see her name it’s for “slamming” this person or that person. She’s always in the headlines but I have no idea what she does. One could easily assume she’s just a political commentator if they only knew her from headlines.

Btw I’m not a hater or some red pill douche I just wanna know why I’m supposed to like someone that so many people think should run for President.
It wasn't a metaphor for transgenderism until much later; after the Wachowski's started to transition.  

They had more transgender themes originally, but nixed them.  Only thing that ended up in the movie was the "red pill"
Dude because there isn't any!! They've lost 60 cases!! Every single case has been dismissed. Every. Single. One. Because there's nothing there. Trump scammed you all. Jesus christ come on. I know it must be a bitter pill to swallow but swallow it you must unless you want to continue being a fool.
These are the people who took The Matrix, a metaphor for the experience of realizing you're transgender, seeing social roles for the lies they are, and created by two trans women, and used it for one of their phrases, "redpilled". Even worse when you consider that, at the time the film came out, the pill used for estrogen treatments was actually red, that's the allegory.
I was wondering if we did or not. So this is the poison pill representative the D's have. Always something man.
It's crazier than that, just went through a thread where people are talking about how the whole insurrection was a setup to "black-pill" people.

"I'm right there with you. That's why I refer to January 6, 2021 as Black Wednesday now. Why?

Millions upon millions of Americans are now black-pilled because of the orchestrated chaos allowed to happen in our Capitol. Our politicians are fake. Our elections are fake. Our votes are fake. Our media is fake. Even our supposed 'coup' attempts are fake. Everything surrounding us is fake, fake, FAKE. I have no faith in our government to do ANYTHING right anymore. And to be honest...

I worry that the cold Civil War we've been locked in for years will escalate into physical bloodshed."
Sedition is going to be a pill they have to take.
 Chances are that judges appointed by Trump will hear these cases. Going to be a tough pill to swallow.
Thanks for the link.  My Dad is the type to brush this off as a joke, or as something I should take a chill pill about.  "See the grin on his face afterward?  He was obviously joking--we all know that's a ridiculous thing to say.  Why do you have to be so serious all the time?"

But what he doesn't get is that, even if he's right, and Trump really was just kidding here (something only Trump knows), we eventually become what we pretend to be.  Even setting aside how alarming it is that an elected official with his power would say that sort of thing--if Trump is joking here, then he's been joking for a LONG time about being this kind of person...and after a certain point, when do you ask yourself if you're really pretending anymore?

But I think that's a good idea--keeping that video reserved to show to him (when the time is right--I don't voluntarily bring up current events with him anymore).  He has often tried to defend his disagreements with me by saying things like "well, I don't spend my whole day reading the news--I don't have time for that.  I just care about keeping my taxes low so I'm not paying for freeloaders, and I don't want anybody making my hobbies/"freedoms" (target shooting, hunting, reloading ammo) more expensive."  Well, it's like, he says this shit all the time--here's a video of it.  Believe me yet?
Lol. Don don’t care about you. Time to wake up. Your red pill was a lie.
I got put on prozac for depression this year, and I can feel it in my jaw both when it's time to dose (withdrawal as my levels drop) and right after swallowing the pill (sudden high from taking it). Luckily I'm on a low dose so I don't get coke jaw lol. Though I've adjusted to the small dose so probably need to up the dose. The bad thoughts are back. :(
Pence is a useless person. No soul, balls, will. He reminds me a "Working Joe" Seegson androids from Alien Isolation, that's pretty much Mike Pence in a pill.
So many trashy people with no priors facing 20 years in jail. That’s gotta be a tough pill to swallow. Ha ha ha!
Did they seriously add 2016 Russia stuff? That's a poison pill right there. True though it may be it's a lost cause with the right, just watch they'll use that to accuse the whole thing of being purely partisan and dismiss it out of hand
Oh, dear, I lived a fairytale while everyone around me suffered at my arrogance. I hurt my family and friends and fellow Americans for no reason at all and it's just so hard for me. Oh, me, oh my. What an awful experience for this poor woman. My heart bleeds for her.

You know what's a really difficult pill to swallow? ***A fucking lethal dose!*** She should be crying in gratitude that somebody didn't shoot her like a rabid dog. She still has the rest of her miserable life to waste, which is less than you can say for her fellow cannibals.
What’s worse is the morons in Kentucky, who would greatly benefit from these social programs he wants to cut and under fund. Like expanding Medicaid for the working class and poor people. Yet they’ve chosen the illusion of whiteness over economic prosperity. Some how this lizard looking demon has convicted these pill addicts bourbon drinking hillbillies, that they have something in common with him when he’s worth 34 mill dollars. It’s truly disgusting and sad almost makes you wanna cry. This reminds me of an quote Lyndon B Johnson once said , “ if you can convince the poorest white man that he’s better then the richest black man, you don’t have to rob him he’ll hand you over his money and wallet. Crazy how it’s 60 something years later and this is still holding up to be true
So she chose the red pill. Good on her.
Christ. It’s going to take some of these people years to be de-programmed. I actually feel for some of them. I assume that realizing you were in a cult is a difficult pill to swallow.
Whoa, the Blaze (that shithead pill popper's website) is actually calling them rioters?  Wow, I would have thought that ol' Rush would have called them "blue blooded Murican PATRIOTS".  Guess he's trying to earn all the good karma he can on that borrowed time he's on from all the opiates.
That’s my thought. “You’re going to take this pill to chill the fuck out and you’re going to read this word for word without straying and you’re going to do that to give yourself a chance of not getting impeached again or 25th’ed.”
Only half of Republicans approve of the assault on the capitol, and more than half of independents consider Trump directly responsible for it. I don't know that it will split the party, but it will absolutely be a poison pill for them going forward. The core base is so rabid they'll primary out anyone capable of winning a general election.
&gt;maybe they are all suffering from Inserection too??

Perhaps there's a pill they could take for that.
Conflation again.  93% of the BLM protests were non-violent.  
  
https://time.com/5886348/report-peaceful-protests/
  
Meanwhile the far right are a named domestic terrorist threat by US intelligence agencies and their protests have violence and intimidation as their modus operandi.   
  
Like I said,  apples with oranges.  Turns out the red pill was hallucinogenic.
&gt;as both black and formerly poor, is NOT the same as a poor white persons and never will be 

Yes, which is why I both said that black people get additional aggression and face additional issue of racial hate. However I still believe the biggest factors in the mistreatment of the black community in the US in modern times have to do with classism, at least at the political level. Decrease wealth inequality and you will greatly empower the black community, and this is easier to do as you can more readily find white allies for this endeavor. This can then be used as a stepping stone because greater power makes it easier to push for your own interests. Even if I'm wrong about the relative magnitudes of racism versus classism it's probably still more effective to go after income inequality first because of the above. I know that would be a tough pill to swallow due to the injustice of it all, but sometimes getting things done means setting aside pride, in this case about fairness of the world. Having said all of this, I'm open to one day being convinced that attacking racism simultaneously is more effective, but right now my take on the situation is that focusing on income inequality will lead to greater and faster results.
Grill pill
Dems don't want to destroy the Republicans from within. They want to free them of having to bend over for the extremists in their party so we can actually get back to governing.

Democrats did it in the 70s. Extremists were regularly bombing federal buildings, and had begun targeting politicians. Even Feinstein got a bomb. They have been terrified of enabling that ever since, which is why we have fifty years worth of these same people tiptoeing around.

They need to have serious private conversations with their counterparts about why they chose that route and what the country will look like if they hadn't, and/or if Republicans now do not, because while it will be a tough pill to swallow in the short term, not doing it is just going to rile up the long dorment middle class left.
\&gt; Honestly the #1 best thing we can do is to demand legislation that helps these people economically.   


I disagree. You want to help them with funding so they can commit more and better acts of terrorism? You can't increase their funding until you have stopped the brainwashing programs being used against them.   


The economic anxiety agreement is old and dead. Most of the conservatives I know have much more money then I do and I am not insane. To be honest the majority of them in my area have good-great jobs. Conservatives run the market here and I have to pretend to be conservative to get hired. So adding more money to them is not the answer.   


\&gt;They feel left behind in the world and aren't intelligent enough or open enough to see what the real problems are   


This is due to brainwashing and breeding. Stupid people have more kids and we reward this with government subsides. Second they have been brainwashed to be antieducation so until you end their brainwashing no amount of increased education is going to aid us. Third Josh Hawley and ted cruz are both well educated and access to education of conservatives doesn't lead to better decisions it only leads to them being better at spreading their evil ideologs.   


\&gt; If they weren't feeling left behind, poor and ill-fitting into a more-just society, they would be more amenable to change.   


This doesn't explain the well educated, and wealthy conservatives who minds are even harder to change because they believe in prosperity gospel.   


\&gt;Love conquers all   


I'm not sure that love conquers all since the American conservatives has been attacking people preaching love since before they were kicking the shit out of tree hugging free love hippies. What I do believe is evil eats it's self because evil people think all other people are like them so they suspect the people around them.   


\&gt;But 74 million people aren't that far gone.   


At this point if you voted for trump in 2020 you are to far gone and not reachable. We might be able to deprogram 10% of those people. The rest have a life time of conservative brainwashing to deprogram and it will take a live time to undue. Think about the amount of energy it will take you to change 1 of their minds. Just you one on one. How many hours do you think you would have to spend in order to deprogram and reeducate them? now times that by 74 million. How much money and how much man power would it take to undue all of that? Honestly when you start to think of it, it would be the biggest undertaking in all of human history.   


In conclusion. I hope you are right. I really want you to be. I want everyone to be able to be reached and brought in to the fold. Sun tzu the art of war try to win the battle with out firing a single shoot. Sadly I'm a pissed off optimist aka a cynic. I think in order to remove the problem we must destroy their ability to brainwash people in the first place. eliminate all sources of financing they have,  improve breeding education so people actually have the genetics to produce brains that can achieve higher function. Improve education and critical thinking.  Coop nationalism from them and they poison pill that effort in to globalism because the globe has to unit for humanity.   


To get all that done against 74million there is going to be some that aren't going to go along no matter what the carrot is. The stick is also going to have to be used. Let me know what you think. I would love to change my mind.   


Honestly I would like to copy everything they have done that has worked and redeploy it with a positive message. The imagery of the masses of flags was used to great effect by both them and hitler. Could you imagine if we could pull that off but be rallying around healthcare? I'll never understand how fascists leaders can get people so worked up about violence but not cleaning up beaches or building houses. All the energy these people had could you imagine that used for actual good?
Really? Government charges 8.00 a pill for aspirin. Facepalm...
Less likely, but certainly more likely than last time this was attempted. The senators had their own lives be put into danger yesterday because of Trump's rhetoric. They may not all care about doing right by their citizens, but they certainly care about themselves.

Besides that, Trump has now officially lost the senate for the GOP, is getting less popular by the day and is gone in 2 weeks anyways. He's at best, not very useful to the GOP anymore and at worst, a poison pill for the party. I wouldn't be surprised if they take this as their chance to wash their hands of him.
When you swallow the blue pill, there is no going back.
Context or an awareness of news the past two weeks would tell you this was sarcasm. But whatevs dude. Take a chill pill.
Meth. It’s meth. (Just the “ Legal “ pill form)
The thought that the carefully calculated machinations of a political machine with the sole purpose of making sure they never reach their true potential is an easier pill to swallow than the fact that either they simply don't measure up or the cold, arbitrary mechanisms of an unfeeling, eternal universe doesn't give two flying fucks at a rolling doughnut about them.

They'd rather be angry than insignificant.
You should educate yourself before making claims that you believe in.  You say it is not that useful in a collapse then immediacy say you don't understand it. This is your fallacy.  Crypto is a value store that isn't tied to the hip to any singular system other than the principles of open communication.  Crypto is at the present moment, the most stable long term store of value with only needing open communication to continue it's function, independent of any government or corporate system.  The concept of value stores is you convert what you need to the immediate useful currency for where you are at a local level.  This is why so many altcoins exist and why BTC is the mother of all coins.  Altcoins will show their local uses in respective area/markets.  For example, a set of alt coins will be adopted by airport terminals and one would exchange BTC for the specific alt coins before going to airports just like you get Canadian dollars when you go to Canada.  There is much more secure utility in crypto than what you realize and this hasty comment from me doesn't even scratch the surface but I hope this is the start of you taking the red pill.
I know after Biden won in November, people were saying he shouldn't go after Trump and associates because they don't want it to come off as petty partisanship and the nation needs to focus on healing.

Fuck. That. Shit.

Every single person involved in yesterday's terrorist act and the people who enabled it should, sooner rather than later, be in front of a judge begging for mercy. The only way the United States is going to heal is to start holding people accountable for their actions; the GOP likes to claim they're all about law and order, so perhaps some of them should swallow that pill and let justice take its course.

If these acts go unpunished, they're going to continue until they finally achieve success. This needs to be nipped in the bud fast and hard.

Biden's DOJ needs to start cleaning up a massive pile of shit and they need to take off the kid gloves.
Allowing them in was necessary to allow them to demonstrate to the nation and world what terrorists the MAGA movement has become and let their cause swallow the poison pill causing its inevitable demise.
And make no mistake, if these were foreign nationalists, etc. they would have been put down immediately. These were unarmed Americans. The most ignorant of Americans yes, but Americans none the less. They can't be slaughtered on the steps of the Capitol that's what Russia or China would do.
What button? The nuclear button? Wow, fear has won. If he were to try to nuke someone just because he was sad, they’d invoke the 25th. Take a pill. All this bullshit will be over in a couple weeks.
I've been flirting with a migraine the past few days but I got a bad one yesterday afternoon that lasted until early this morning, and my pill that I take couldn't knock out. I honestly think me stressing about the events of yesterday contributed to it.

Fuck Donald Trump
We will see now! Is hard to do anything when you already know the outcome!!! For more than 8 years you have to swallow a pill call Mitch.. And to have one police man at a door holding 100’s of protesters?! WTF the police chief needs to go like yesterday!
Sleeping pill?
Cyanide pill
The issue is these 'lawmakers' are dismenating information already deemed non-factual in courts of law.

Local, State, Federal, Appellate, Supreme Court.

Eventually enough is enough.  In the first 2 weeks, this information was being thrown around by Thanksgiving it was very clear what the truth was.  For US Senators or any elected official to be making completed fabricated claims adjudicated by courts its literally only a few things worse.

Plus is Cruz and Hawley, two very sophisticated legal minds not your drunk uncle with a pill habit on his 3rd wife working at Home Depot stocking shelves.
His legacy, largely because of today, will be the end of the GOP's ascendance over the last century. Enough Republicans will remain devoted that condemning him will be a poison pill in the primaries, but enough independents will be turned away that *not* condemning him will be a poison pill in the general. The GOP's radical wing may have finally grown so large and so radical that it makes the rest of the party politically radioactive.

I know it's been said so many times that it's basically a meme, but if the Democrats play things right over the next few years we may actually see another era of one party dominance. I'd guess this is exactly the kind of nightmare scenario the GOP was afraid of when Trump started doing well in the primaries in 2015.
Obviously they're going to try this, but it isn't going to work. Every independent and moderate in the country just saw Trump incite a crowd of his supporters into storming the Capitol building with all of Congress and the VP inside. A large section of the Republican voterbase will still support him, but when it comes to actually winning elections he's now a poison pill. Republican leadership knows this, which is why they've been distancing themselves from him and trying to get him to denounce this behavior.
the police were intentionally set up. they did not have the resources. thats' why there were stages of barricades.   


if they had stood their ground, they would have been killed. and then the mob would have become something even more horrifying than they already were. I know it's a tough pill to swallow. but imagine how close this was to being something completely different.
If they yield the pandemic was real now they’d have to admit having helped 300k+ Us citizens blood is on their hands...that’s a big pill to swallow
I’m just here until the sleeping pill kicks in. g’night
They believed their side would win.  It’s gonna be a bitter pill to swallow when the man comes knocking
Sad that Bolton is one of the few actually explaining how the 25th isn't some easy magic pill to get rid of a President.
Omg are you kidding me??? Is this how democracies actually work???? Like dude people die, take a pill and go home
She's total garbage. She isn't reversing her decision because she has a soul, she's doing it because objecting is a poison pill now.
Mo needs to take a chill pill
The true red pill: Mittens has always been an objectively good person with some disagreeable views.
Fascism is a strong word that people want to deny because that's too difficult of a reality to recognize and too tough of a pill to swallow.

America? The greatest country on Earth? Fascism? Cognitive dissonance!
I had to take my anti-anxiety pill so longer terms are put on hold for now.
I'm just thinking, what if that poison pill had been accepted by dems ($2000 stimulus tied in with election fraud stuff and social media losing legal protections).

Twitter would be fucked right now because of Trumps tweets right?
If these congressmen keep objecting at this point, they clearly are not coming together moving forward for the country, gonna make that Biden “come together for unity” pill hard to swallow.
Twitters doing more to control our president than our elected officials. That’s a tough pill to swallow.
Because patience is a virtue you all don’t have. We sat through 8 years of Obama and your bitchin about only 4 years with Trump and even have the audacity to cut it short by 14 days? Take a chill pill, here 👉🏻 💊
Talk about a poison pill... Trump released a video (finally) telling supporters to go home, but because he also spends half the video repeating his lies about how the election was stolen, Twitter has disabled retweeting due to risk of incitement of violence. So this video won't recirculate so easily.
I know this feels terrifying but don't take Trump's Twitter away. Fact is Trump and MAGA is the perfect poison pill that works to further divide the GOP and get them distracted by conspiracy theories rather than substantive policymaking. This is what the Dems want strategically and a playbook on how to play offense now that they're about to gain both chambers of congress.
Or just make a rattling sound to imitate a full pill bottle.
&gt;We've been stuck in legislative gridlock for nearly half a century now

No we haven't. We've just been going back and forth on policies because people can't agree.  


\&gt; With the way 2020 ultimately went, we might begin to see the end of  legislative gridlock, and meaningful election and campaign reform (HR1). 

&amp;#x200B;

HR1 was not voted on because it included statehood for DC. That was a poison pill and Pelosi knew it. They knew Dems and moderates wouldn't bother looking under the hood and would just conclude the GOP didn't care about voting integrity(and you can retrocede DC back to Maryland giving them representation without affecting the Senate, so it is a nothing more than a power grab).
I said this four years ago and people called me crazy.  Trump is out to destroy the Republican Party.  I don't guess at his motive or who might be behind it, but it seemed like a good bet to me.  The stupid GOP took the bait and has lost the house, the presidency, and now the senate.  Trump played a long game and played it excellently.  As a side benefit he also exposed individuals such at Mcconnell and Cruz as hypocritical liars. Every American who loves democracy should thank him.  We swallowed the bitter pill and can now start getting better. Bon Voyage and thank you to an unsung American hero.  Maybe he's not playing 3D chess, but he's certainly a master playing against amateurs.  
      Every time he did something outrageously stupid I cheered while Democrats wrung their pearls and Republicans stumbled blindly into it. He activated the Black vote more than Jesse Jackson or President Obama. The worst thing for me is that I had to accept that 40% of my countrymen are complete and utter idiots, but it's better to know than not.

As a note, I am not being ironical.
Extremely embarrassed, but the wild thing is I’m not all that shocked it’s happening. The hardest pill for me to swallow right now is that I’m not even phased— that is horrifying to me.
No, that's not gonna happen. Take a chill pill
honestly it was mission accomplished once the rich got their tax cuts as that was the poison pill that is gonna make wealth disparity so bad we end up with things like Elysium where the rich are walled off from the poor and our neighborhoods are anything goes war zones.
Lol I was just pointing it out because it would bother me if I did it.

Take a chill pill.
Sally Yates would have been a poison pill for anything the DoJ does that goes after Trump. She may otherwise be a solid AG, her involvement will turn any Trump administration related investigations or charges into something that will be construed as being a personal grudge.
You know, I have been laughing my ass off at Americans expense, due to their Governments complete incompetence; and now I see so many finally come together to right so many wrongs.

The amount of cheerfulness is exhilarating and fucking deserved, but to throw in a sour pill, don't ever get complacent, complacency and quiet acquiescence is all the "affluent" people need.

Finish this, finish it completely, make sure you get UHC and a massive smackdown on wealth hoarders.
I agree, but I also think the term hero normalizes the likleyhood of you becoming a martyr.  Normal people aren’t supposed to sacrifice, get sick, become indebted by their medical bills, or possibly die for the general public. Hero’s are supposed to do those things. So when that comes to fruition it’s a lot easier pill to swallow.
Hopefully Pence is on the pill, cause Trump doesn't take no for an answer.
The GOP had the opportunity to rebuke Trump after the election and focus on the runoff’s to salvage some control in 2021 to 2022. 

Instead, they took the Red pill and went down the rabbit hole, throwing away any sense of reality and burning the party to the ground in the process.
The sad cringe is that a bunch of the idiot base turned up to this bs thinking there would be a "red pill revolution".
I also seriously wonder if Trump told people to take a “pill” after the rally, how many people would.
I’ll say it again. The GOP insistence to indulge in Trump’s fantasy of election fraud is what cost them the Senate. The GOP was complicit in enabling Trump and got what they deserved. Going to be a rough 2021 and a tough pill to swallow for the GOP. 

Fuck McConnell and Loeffler. Fuck Trump.
If by poison pill you mean introducing legislation that most Americans want passed.
They make a pill for that
I tend to agree, but I get why they don’t call it. It’s going to be an easier pill to swallow when ossof has a non-recountable margin.
The people who are stupid are *Republican voters* (and some independent voters too). When it's a direct referendum on an issue they occasionally vote in their own interests, but the moment they see that (D) it's a poison pill. It has nothing to do with liberal vs. progressive Democrats.
Donald Trump is a poison pill for Republicans and they'd be better off dumping him. You see it in the data from Georgia. In the heavily red counties in northern Georgia turn out was significantly depressed. Some counties had a 15+ % drop off. That's clearly from Trump casting doubt on the electoral process. There were enough Republican base voters who lost so much faith in the electoral process they stayed home. And talking about moderate Republicans and independents in the suburbs, in 2014 Perdue carried Gwinnett County by 10 points, in the runoff he lost it by 20 points. In Cobb County, Perdue won it by 13 points in 2014. Today Ossoff won it by 14. The GOP has lost the burbs big time.

If the GOP were smart they'd tell the Trump's to fuck off and suck it.
Yeah, but dems got the votes. Then again, progressives will poison pill everything centrist bring up, so will it even matter?
To be furious at Trump would really take heavy doses of nerve and stupidity.  They swallowed the Trump poison pill willingly.   They let a two bit reality TV star and team of compulsive liars take control of the party.   They got what they worked for.
“Democrats brought a clean amendment, McConnell stuffed the amendment with section 230 and other poison shit, Democrats won’t pass the poison pill, therefore, Democrats are blocking the stimulus”

UGH
He thought he could win the messaging game, and any other time he probably could.  Ask most Republicans who was blocking stimulus bills prior to the one that passed, they all answered Pelosi, the woman who passed 4 stimulus bills, while the Senate hadn't voted on a single one, let alone pass one.  He thought he could poison pill the 2000 dollar bill, get Democrats to vote against it, and win the messaging game that way.

He would almost always be right, Fox News would almost always back him, the problem is Fox News was in a tail spin and Republican voters were going in all different directions for information.  With no clear message, he lost that fight.  Even among Republicans, they believe he blocked the checks.

The Repuican messaging platform changed almost overnight, and McConnell wasn't quick enough to pivot his tactics.
Trump supporters are a poison pill.

Come the primaries they are going to be screaming for things like building the Wall and arresting Biden.  GOPs are going to have to veer so far Right that even the Klan will vote Blue.
That's too big to be a viagra pill 👀
And people need to be more realistic when it comes to politics, and certainly spend less time with useless navel gazing about the overton window.

Right now, the Biden administration has 2 years to pass all the legislation they can possibly shove through before they'll need republican permission for it. "We" don't have time for 3 bills that all take the same amount of time as Obamacare to get worked out, and if "we" want to pass bills on those kinds of issues we need them all up on the floor for a vote asap. Which given the 50/50 split in the senate is going to be a tough pill to swallow for progressives. 

There's more than enough time after that to sit around and twiddle your thumbs while bemoaning about how in this country in Europe they'd be X, Y, or Z or whatever original thought that hasn't been copy pasted a trillion times all over the internet comes to mind.
He didn't expect Trump to demand it. Then he tried to attach a poison pill to the $2000 addendum that Democrats wouldn't accept.  That allowed them to stall and let Perdue and Loeffler actually say they do support $2000 after seeing the writing on the wall
&gt;@NateSilver538

&gt;&gt;I'm too tired for long takes but on a scale from 0 to 10 on how bad this is for the GOP, it's maybe like a 9, not just because of the immediate implications, but also because it may imply that Trump is sort of a poison pill for how the party navigates its future.
A lot of the republican and other conservative ideals make no sense if systemic racism is real. It's a tough pill to swallow.
I don't think they can. They took the crazy pill. Trump voters are still a force in the GOP, for years to come. 

I'm hoping they doomed themselves.
Redd Pill Network.. fucking vomit
That should be one of the last major red/Republican dumps. 

Still 100,000 votes remaining which should favor dems. 

Ossoff only needs a razor thin advantage in those votes to win, and EVERYTHING says he will get more than that. 

3k votes from 465 is a tough pill, but it’s STILL OK. WE GOT THIS. I LOVE YOU ALL. 

We will be ok.
I'm glad I took my last good sleeping pill last night. I'm well rested and ready for this party!
Me too. I had to take an anti anxiety pill like 4 hrs ago. Some drink, some have pills! 😂
I take melatonin about 30 mins before I shut my eyes. Melatonin is, essentially, a hormone that regulates your sleep cycle. Taking a melatonin pill increases that in your body, thus helping you doze off if you’re already a bit tired but need that extra push. It won’t make you drowsy out of nowhere like taking a shot of NyQuil or something.
Ossoff is likely to win from what it looks like, take a chill pill and wait
What a freaking loser! He need to take a chill pill and go a movie with a friend
(OOO) this is a chill pill. Take it. The election isn’t over until all the votes are counted.
It’s “guys I’m worried about AZ flipping” all over again, except worse. Y’all need to take a chill pill
Our side was definitely using that shit too. You'd have to otherwise you'd get overrun by meth'd up Aryan super men. 

We should really take an honest look, as a nation and globally, at how much we rely on drugs. It was legal for baseball players to take  low grade prescription meth in pill form until 2006 IIRC. Bayer used to sell straight heroin as a cough remedy in the early 20th century and look at the current opioid crisis. We really need to get off our high horse and start treating addiction as a disease and addicts as victims.
&gt;it is founded on the idea that conception is the point at which the unique genetic code that constitutes a human life is created

Ok, but that "life" isn't viable until it implants in the uterine lining, which happens days after conception. If you are making an argument for *life*, shouldn't the minimum point at which that life becomes *viable* \- as in able to exist as an independent entity - be the point at which something is considered an independent life?

By your definition, Plan B (the pill) is *also murder* because it prevents a new life - as you have defined it - from being viable and implanting. 

Further, the law is not focusing on the fetus in isolation. This law must necessarily consider the rights of the mother and baby as separate entities. In this case, you have to make the case that the rights of the embryo are greater than the rights of the adult mother. 

The law routinely limits the rights of *school children* until they turn 18. But you would have us put a 3-day-old embryo on equal footing with an adult? That seems to run contrary to how our legal system has operated for centuries.
&gt; Similar boat we're in with the current $2000 bill, McConnell objected to a clean bill and inserted poison pill legislation concerning free speech on the Internet to kill the bill's chances

Right, I know he added a poison pill. That's safe enough for him because he no longer has anything inside of him but a thick black ooze which renders him immune to all forms of poison.

But that's kind of what I mean - they didn't need to cave there, because Bernie was going to filibuster the military appropriations bill. They could have held out and insisted on a clean bill. Instead, multiple Democrats voted for cloture on NDAA and simultaneously killed a broad, popular, and important stimulus measure.
My mother is one of these! I could not convince her to not vote Purdue. But voting for a pastor over a billionaire was a pill she could swallow. It isn't much......but she has never voted for a democrat in her entire life, so I am a tad bit proud. &lt;3
I'm not entirely read up on the negotiations myself, but what I heard was that Mitch "Better Have My Money" McConnell wanted a clause relieving companies of Covid-related liability (for five years, I think?) which was a poison pill for Democrats. The only way they got it passed at all was lowering the payment amount in exchange for the clause being removed. Similar boat we're in with the current $2000 bill, McConnell objected to a clean bill and inserted poison pill legislation concerning free speech on the Internet to kill the bill's chances.
Only the GOP can tie vaccinations to illegal immigration. This is pure crazy pill time. IF anything you would want these workers vaccinated early on as they often live in overcrowded housing conditions prime for the spread of a virus
&gt; Republicans haven't given a shit about the Constitution for decades now.

Turns out that Red Pill they all love the taste of so much was actually a suppository this whole time.
i dont know if needing a blue pill is an emergency. I mean, it probably does in the moment.
Halfway through the article it suddenly loads a page about a weight loss pill. What a shitty site.
Fucking essential oils, man. They cure everything, just ask my pill head step mother.
This only applies to surgical, induced abortions- anything that happens at home (such as medication abortion by pill, chemical pregnancies and miscarriages) is exempt, as are surgical procedures done in clinics/hospitals that are not considered pregnancy terminations (miscarriage management, D&amp;C to remove retained products of conception, removal of a deceased fetus, etc.).
&gt;which will require researchers to disclose raw data, including personal medical records, from their public health studies

You gotta hand it to Republicans, they know how to craft a poison pill. No researcher with any ethics would ever release personal medical info of study participants, and I doubt any IRB would *allow* that release.
It's like when I have to hide my dog's pill in a piece of hamburger.
I’m not sure. I could make an excuse, but I don’t know what the details of that vote were or if there was some other poison pill or stipulation attached to it. It seems hard to believe that many Democrats voted no if it was only to bring a clean bill for direct relief to the floor.
No way it would ever happen.  That would be a political poison pill no administration would want, and the agencies would not be protected.  All we can do is hope the CIA has been carefully managing the information Trump had access too.
&gt;Is there a good reason why a person shouldn't be able to register into both parties and have their say in both primaries?  

Trump went and ruined the perfect example by getting elected, but consider: In the early primaries, there was a decent handful of run-of-the-mill "electable" candidates running, and DJT. If people were allowed to vote in both (D and R) primaries, Ds would have turned out in droves to vote for Trump, in hopes of getting him nominated, as (in a sane world), he wouldn't have a chance in hell of winning the general election.  

So as to eliminate the chance for the opposing party to poison-pill a primary, voters have to register as one or the other. Implementation varies state-to-state, but the primaries in WA (where I live) are run by the state elections infrastructure. Past that, though, party affiliation is specifically disallowed as part of voter registration. Meaning, if you don't care to declare for one side or the other, sit the Presidential primaries out. I'm not going to attempt to dig up what safeguards there might be around it, but it's not a "declare once and forever vote this way or that" in the primaries - each primary, you have to mark party preference and vote on that side. If you mark your preference as D and vote for an R candidate, the ballot just gets tossed as invalid.
GOP voters are such simpletons that it really is as easy as sneaking in a poison pill to make Democrats be the ones voting no.

Their voters *do. not. pay. attention.* Democrats could be voting no because the GOP literally tried to sneak Sharia Law into the bill and Republican voters would 100% believe the Democrats were the big bad meanies. 

It really comes down to this: GOP politicians enjoy the unique ability to make their voters believe *absolutely anything they want*. This was a thing pre-Trump with Fox et al, but over the past four years I'm inclined to believe it is *literally* carte blanche. They'll believe *whatever you need them to*. They'd buy it if you told them Nancy Pelosi was literally a time-traveling Vladimir Lenin in disguise coming to the future to destroy the US. They will - and I can't stress enough how little hyperbole I'm intending here - *literally* upend their entire conception of what is fundamentally physically possible in this universe if it means they still get to hate Democrats. 

And when you're up against something like that...You lose. They play by no rules, it's actually impossible for you to keep pace. You can employ all the political genius you want, they'll find a way to twist the resulting situation around to make the Democrats look like James Bond villains, and their voters will buy it. 

To go back to my original example: let's again say the GOP kills the $2,000 checks bill by sneaking in a Sharia Law clause. Democrats can either: vote down the bill, making them the "evil globalist corporatists who want to deny you your checks"; or they call the bluff and vote yes, and get painted as "the people trying to force Sharia Law on you and your family". Despite the lineage of the bill being public information. 

The weird level of Trump fetishization has perhaps put too fine a point on it, but truly the GOP and their voters have been a bona fide cult for a *while* now. IMO the Trump Era is only one manifestation of such brainwashing. It's literally carte blanche. Things could get a lot worse.
The 2k checks have never seen a vote in the senate.  McConnell submitted a bill (not brought to a vote) that adds the completely unrelated, and obviously poison pill items, of adding Section 230 and an election fraud commission to fucking stimulus payments.

This is completely on the Senate, controlled by the GOP, refusing to vote on the payments.  The dems don't control the chamber and don't control the agenda.  The House, the chamber controlled by the Dems, brought the UC vote before they even had a quorum and passed the measure on their first day back in session.

The legislation will never see the Senate floor without unrelated poison unless the Dems take the Senate majority, and it is silly to pretend otherwise after watching McConnell's senate for nearly a decade.
&gt; vote against the chance of it happening.

That's what you said, and it's not true

the fact that (R)egressives threaten to include a non-starter poison pill in order to drive a Faux News narrative *does not* mean that Repugnants had any intention of letting such a bill pass

you are clearly drunk on the (R)egressive Flavor-aid and/or completely ignorant of how proceedings happen on the floor of congress.
Democrats should have called the republicans bluff and just voted for Mitch’s poison pill bill
No, that would be shaped like a tiny pill bottle.
This is kinda why I'm a registered Republican.
Except I don't vote Poison Pill style. I vote for the Republican candidate who I find least repulsive.
I really think more people should do it.
Ah the abortion pill smoothie guy.
&gt; Chuck by the way was the guy who got Toomey to back down on that FED emergency lending restrictions that Toomey tried to stick in the CoronaBus bill. That poison pill nearly imperiled the bill. 

This is something that much of Reddit will never fully understand because it can't be broken down by AOC into a snappy tweet
I'm Canadian and based on what you wrote I suspect you are as well: 

&gt;Left leaning parties want dental care to be free, while conservatives want it to only be free if you cannot afford to pay yourself (to save taxpayers money)

Dental care is a logical extension of universal healthcare. Many conditions can be caught early with proper dental care thus saving the taxpayers money. It's worth adding universal pharmacare.

&gt;eft leaning ones also oppose privatization, while conservatives support it

Privatization is a poison pill in Canadian politics. It inherently creates a two tier system and siphons off funds from the public system. This also leads to this nice pattern of "Starve the beast". Basically you defund the public system so that it cannot maintain quality of care. This creates the demand for a private system. You're seeing this in Alberta right now. 

It's worth noting, that while Conservatives like to pretend to be "fiscally conservative", it's an oxymoron. 

A fiscal conservative would support policy that saves money. 

Privatization is more costly not only to those who use the service but to the public at large and the taxpayers. 

This is shown by the fact that the per capita government spending in the US towards healthcare is higher than countries that have universal healthcare.
When I clicked the link, the top text was, “*Weight Loss Pill That Naturally Burns Fat Gets Biggest Deal In Shark Tank History*” and yet that still holds more legitimacy than Trump’s claims of election fraud.
Haha man it gets better every day! I’m starting to think the RED PILL has a little meth in it!
Honestly I agree. It’s just a hard pill for a lot of people to swallow after so many years of cruelty and gleeful ignorance. But speaking of pills, you’re correct that we’d have a better chance at getting regressives to swallow things that are good for them, like M4A, if we hid it in some peanut butter.
Depends on which one. I think there was an earlier version of it that existed after the first constitutional convention that was meant to act as a safeguard in the event the common folk elected one of their own to office. It was changed later to be proportional based on the population. 

The EC was never a tool for fairness or equality or whatever fairytale the Republicans like to spin these days. At best it was a compromise for slave states so they could count individuals who they did not even consider human for the purpose of gaining and maintaining more political power. At worst, it was an anti-democratic institution meant to function as a poison pill if Democracy ever worked against the interests of the wealthy landowners.
I’ve been thinking about this a lot.  My grandparents are far right religious conservatives and now my mother is too.  All three of them have a tendency to buy in to trends, quick fixes, miracle products, etc.  My grandparents own a thigh master, stacks of tae bo and Richard Simmons workout tapes, boxes of Nutrisystem, essential oils, a bowflex, one of those folding pancake pans that you’re supposed to be able to flip perfect pancakes with, etc.  They were in a church when I was little that shortly after they stopped attending devolved into a literal cult.  My mom used every diet pill and weight loss product in production.  She buys miracle anti-aging and anti-wrinkle creams that promise to make you look 20 years younger.  I think it’s safe to say they’re all highly susceptible to this type of marketing which embodies exactly what Trump is: fucking snake oil.
From Wikipedia:

&gt;In 2018 Miller was accused of drugging his mistress with an abortifacient drug, by blending a pill into a fruit smoothie. The ensuing controversy caused him to
leave his position as a political commentator on CNN.
This is the ramblings of a 4 day meth and diet pill bender... Fucker hasn't been to sleep since the 1st.
McConnels poison pill 2k checks bill, the election investigation committee was a poison pill for the GOP im 1000% sure of that.
Ole Medal of Freedom Pill Popper who is about to be joined by esteemed gentleclowns like Devin Moooo Nunes and Gym Jordan
Don’t forget, those things with lady parts have to take a pill every time they have sex. Rollerblading Christ, I went to catholic school and had a better understanding of the female anatomy at 13. (Still trying to understand many years later tho)
you'll have to excuse ole Pill Popper, he's likely to be hopped on somefink when he says shit like this
I listened to tye whole thing and it's the same bullshit as always? This spoiled idiot is out in a few weeks. As much as i would like to see justice, it wont happen and this hard pill about american ideals values and justice is just that. Respect for our government and hope for its future are in the toilet. Sucks but I have seen life suck plenty. Guess its time to open our eyes to reality and quit with the naivety. Being on top must have been sweet. But now we are going to do what the rest of histories civilizations and its people have done. Exist without glamour lol. Obviously there will be extreme nationalists who never grow up... But that's ok too. (As long as they dont decide the president again).
What can they do? Cruz has every right to do this, Trump has every right to challenge the election. It's a hard pill to swallow but it's true. Yes I get that it's all based on lies and untruths but that's the thing is none of this is going to matter.
You all are going to be blown away come Jan 20th. Haha keep the wool over your eyes apparently the red pill is too icky wicky for your widdle tastebuds
Take half this pill to realign the incorrect order words and time had
way to just straight up lie.

&gt;What? Pelosi literally IS a roadblock to Medicare-For-All. She will never bring it up for a vote

Pelosi has straight up said, "Obamacare is a path towards medicare for all"

You know building up the public healthcare infrastructure needed by such legislation that would be Medicare For All.

&gt;Same for Biden, who has said that if it ever passes both the House and Senate, he will veto it.

That's not what he said.  He said he wouldnt pass anything that wasn't paid for and jeopardized current healthcare.

If it was passed and was paid for and didn't jeopardize current healthcare by any republicans attempting to poison pill it, he would pass it.


It was what they were all literally open about Obamacare being, that it was literally a stepping stone to establishing true universal healthcare.

They weren't quiet about it...
This latest attempt to bully the GA SOS, which asked him to flat out commit felony election fraud, speaks to the fact that Trump can't believe or accept that African Americans kicked his ass out. It's just that simple. 

He refused to accept a minor miracle of hard work community grass roots organizing. That Stacey Abrams registered 800.000 voters in GA. That black people SHOWED THE FUCK UP and made the difference in the voting margins in GA. PA, MI, WISC. Take note that these "fantastic four" are the states Trump and his minions want to overturn. For stone cold racists that is a bitter pill to swallow and, so far, he is still gagging on that pill.
Racism. His racism is a mirror reflection of Americans who are themselves racist. This latest attempt to bully GA SOS speaks to the fact that Trump can't believe or accept that African Americans kicked his ass out. That Stacey Abrams registered 800.000 voters. That black people SHOWED THE FUCK UP and made the difference. For a stone cold racist that is a bitter pill to swallow and, so far, he is still gagging on that pill.
I really pity the mods over there.

Not only do they have to remove as much of the extreme right-wing, red pill, basement-nazi shit as they can, but they have to do it while convincing themselves that it's not actually being posted by "real" conservatives, but an army of Liberal sockpuppets.

Imagine a Klansman running around trying to hide all the swastikas during a KKK rally. That's the r/conservative mod team.
Explain to the Suburban mom why the convicted criminal gets a vaccine before she or her husband who are relying on the vaccine to go back to work so they can continue to live in the suburbs and she will explain why she won’t vote for your policies. 

This is the real world reality, not some academic exercise. 

The average voter cares about themselves and their families. This everyone deserves a chance only works when everyone is content, that is not at all the case at the moment. 

Policies like this will red pill folks and put 2022 in jeopardy. If you think the prison population is worth control of Congress by all means. I don’t.
And that 1.8 trillion? Do you honestly think the GOP has negotiated in good faith since March? That 1.8 trillion included more pork than right now, AND gave blanket immunity to all companies who forced their employees to work without any Covid precautions. It was a poison pill then, it's a poison pill now, and it's why the GOP does not CARE about anything other than holding power. Better for millions of Americans to go hungry than give up blanket immunity.
Not gonna happen unless that "education for dummies" pill passes the FDA...
Hard pill to swallow: there’s a wealth gap because you buy dumb shit you don’t need from Amazon. Wealth gaps are created from the bottom up.
There were proposals for $2k a month months ago. It's definitely been an idea for a long time. I don't what poison pill stuff they may have added, I'll have to check it out. But that's exactly what Trump and the GOP are doing, adding stuff about section 230 for example. They won't bring a clean bill because they don't actually want to pass it.
I've been paying attention. Stimulus checks have never gone above $1200. There was talk about paying essential workers up to 25,000 in a manner that amounted to a short term post raise, ie you only got the 25k by continuing to work. Unfortunately, that idea was packaged with a ton of poison pill dem wishlist things that would never pass a Republican Senate.
I am by no means an expert, but I think the issue is slightly more than "statehood vs continued colonial rule," which has been the framing of the last several decades. Remember, PR has been a colony for a *really* long time. There is actually a [pretty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornelius_P._Rhoads#Puerto_Rico) [extensive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_Albizu_Campos) [history](https://journeys.dartmouth.edu/apulidolats3/2018/04/22/reproductive-genocide-a-look-into-sterilization-in-puerto-rico-and-east-los-angeles/#:~:text=Carried%20out%20by%20Governor%20Luis,conditions.%22%20In%20effect%2C%20many) of [atrocities](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ponce_massacre) [committed](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/retropolis/wp/2017/05/09/guinea-pigs-or-pioneers-how-puerto-rican-women-were-used-to-test-the-birth-control-pill/) against the people of Puerto Rico, in addition to the fact that the island is currently under despotic and undemocratic requirements to pay back debt in [pretty shady circumstances](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puerto_Rican_government-debt_crisis).

All that to say, it's a really complicated subject. Hard to cover with a reddit comment.

Or an up-down non-binding referendum.
&gt;I don't understand why but Pelosi has shown zero interest in holding the republican members responsible for anything

because she is well past her prime and showing signs of mental decline. 

the truth is a hard pill to swallow but many of our elected officials are operating in a diminished mental capacity due to age or degenerative diseases.

it's a lot like that south park episode where the old people are running over the young people because their children and the government refuse to take their licenses away.
This is the culmination of a lifetime of being a loser for little Donnie. He would have to admit everything he has done in his life has failed. That is a bitter big pill to swallow for such an egotistical psychopath.
&gt;Not many in Congress understand the liability they are exposing by opening up hosts to libel claims.

I think they fully understand. That's The point of a poison pill rider. Insert something that would be highly controversial or harmful in order to stop that legislation from passing. That way you can spin it as "the $2,000 didn't pass because of me, it's the other side that didn't want to vote on it after I changed it".
He might of got my vote if he picked his 1st choice for VP Lieberman. Instead he took the red pill with Palin and the republican party has never been able to get a lid back on their insanity.
As in reddit would not be able to exist in the same form and comment/content sharing all over the net would face removal or extremely strict moderation. Like YouTube removals on steroids. It's a poison pill and not just for dems but for anyone rational in the senate.
The reason that people blame Pelsoi, is because they think she should just take the deal along with the poison pill (Section 230 repeal).  

Ask them if they know what's in the bill? Because I do and Nancy does. If she signs the version Mitch has, it's going to shut down a lot of businesses under legal bills. It's going to shut down facebook, youtube, and Alex Jones and fox news.

Mitch doesn't want it to pass. He's literally said that $2000 is just a gift to the rich. They don't believe Mitch is lying out his ass to keep us poor. They'll talk about the "deep state" conspiring to keep us poor but they don't actually know how it's done. Cheap Chinese labor has benefited my ability to get cheap goods. We can have american workers making clothing, but they laughed at AOC for selling unionized hoodies for $70. Yeah, american wages means you can't buy cheap shit. It means you can't play consumer and go out shopping for a new wardrobe. It means you can't buy shit and toss it. Yet they'll complain, "they just don't make things like they used to." 

Ask them if they tip 30% on their meals to ensure american workers get paid a living wage. American made TVs are almost dead now, but they can only provide a living wage at the prices that most people aren't willing to spend on TVs. That means that everyone needs to get paid more..
Not giving Americans what they clearly want and need is not helping McConnell's case, though. Any wealthy parties affiliated with Mitch are also not being helped by holding back $2,000...the people who'd be receiving that money would mostly be turning around and putting that money straight into the economy and making our economic stats look much better and providing more economic stability to the system overall. 

It only makes sense if McConnell is just actually this disgusted by the thought of giving regular people some badly needed help because he has fully swallowed the uniquely American obsession with work and punishment and how they intersect when looking at America through another American obsession - meritocracy. 

See, while meritocracy sounds simple and great on paper, it also has this kind of poison pill in that it lends to this thought process / outlook that everyone gets what they deserve, which is manifested in America's love of villainizing  and looking down on the poor. 

&gt;*If we have a true meritocracy than it must be the poor person's own damn fault for being so poor, so fuck them this is what they clearly chose for themselves.*

  It completely ignores randomness in life and the completely unequal circumstances everyone faces...And provides the basis for the thinking I just noted above, which allows us to  basically ignore much of the issues related to being poor and ***could make one perfectly content to very publicly, figuratively speaking, give millions of America the finger during a once-in-a-lifetime national public health emergency...because, of course, those suffering the most right now obviously did the least to save themselves from having to be economically impacted by this emergency***
As I stated a few posts up, I would disagree with the application of Occam's Razor in this circumstance. Even with the guards falling asleep, the cameras conveniently malfunctioning, I think killing Epstein is still a rather complicated matter.

If Epstein were an intelligence asset (very possible), I think the more likely explanation is he did what was the equivalent of taking a cyanide pill to protect all of the secrets he was afraid would come out during a trial or further investigation.
Applying Occam's Razor, if Epstein were an intelligence asset (I think him being an operator/agent is farfetched, but an asset could be likely), he essentially committed the act of taking a cyanide pill in his jail cell.
The Republicans even blocked their own bill with the poison pill in it when the Dems called their bluff and attempted a vote on it.
It's just a bill, it can come back as easily as it went. We can't let Mcconnell use things like this as a tool to deny people something critical in the middle of a pandemic.

They added the section 230 repeal because they believe we won't pass it, not because they really want it. This behavior has to stop. So we pass the bill with their poison pill and let them suffer the consequences of their own choices.
I was just reading some conservative posts saying Lin Wood is a Democrat poison pill for saying the same thing.  Everyone seems all mixed up about their messaging.
And what’s our alternative? If I have to vote for the party actively trying to fuck everyone or the party who at least pretends to give a shit.... I’m going to pick the nicer of the two options. 


I’d love a third option of a party that actually gets shit done for the People but unfortunately we’re in a two party system so what the fuck am I SUPPOSED to do. Just not vote? Complain that both sides suck and do nothing about it? Yeah Dems have a lot of problems that need to be fixed and we need a third strong party but until that happens the Dems are still a better pill to swallow
So I was pretty pissed when I saw the immediate surrender, but after my initial shock, I thought about it again. GOP were not going to give in, simple as that; not without the poison pill included. 

Whether they’re playing a political game or not, it had to happen. Most dems are disappointed, but the reality was that it wasn’t going to happen. Even though I personally don’t believe it will make a ton of difference, any smidgen of difference will be needed to win both seats in GA. If they don’t win both seats, it’s over anyway. This was a last ditch effort to show the republican moderates of GA that the GOP don’t give a fuck. 

In the end it was a strategic move that was the better choice than sitting in a filibuster.
Rush is a pill popper who moved to Florida so he could be closer to his pills. Never trust a pill popper.
&gt; Republican base: "it's the Democrats fault"

A lot of the angst from the right I've seen around the stimulus checks the last couple weeks, while technically directed towards Congress and and Republican controlled Senate, has been addressed to *'the elites'*.  

'The elites only care about themselves.'  'The elites are greedy'.  'This year proved the elites don't think we're human.'  

I think this adjustment in phrasing recently serves 2 purposes.

1) It allows expression of righteous anger and frustration towards their leadership without directly calling them out by name, because for some people that's too hard a pill

2) Sets the stage for redirecting all of the 2020 outcome outrage onto Democrats.  I imagine that this is how all the anger about the coronavirus....how the largely Republican controlled government stoked the pandemic this past year...while stymieing the response...while making it rain on companies while denying meaningful aid to individuals...all of that is going to transfer onto the Democrats when they shift into occupying 'the elite' seat.  And it will be all too easy to forget that in 2020, 'the elites' were their own party.
You are wrong, there are 2 separate bills.  Covid relief is not in the defense bill.

Actually if it helps, there are 4 bills:

1. $600 covid relief bill has been signed into law
2. Defense bill - veto has been overridden and is now law
3. $2000 covid "straight" relief bill has been blocked by Mitch and will never get voted on
4. $2000 covid "poison pill" relief bill that also includes Section 230 repeal and election fraud investigation stuff - not sure where this is exactly but it will never pass
Legitimately I’ll throw several thousand into that fund. I know it won’t find even one (1) lawyer but worth it for the cause. 

Sex was never that kind of  fun and casual for us anyways. Even with the pill. All sex is procreative- just less or more so.
Please...

There was absolutely no chance of getting those checks.  All the Dems could hope to do was force McConnell's to reveal exactly how far he would go to stop it.

It was a good move to push as far as they did to make the GOP look bad leading up to the GA runoffs but to *actually* hold up the bill?

That would have been stupid and the reason they didn't force the vote was because they would have *lost.*  

They knew this.  Bernie knew this.  

This was pure political theatre from the second it leaked from Trump's Depends.  The Dems didn't cave, not this time.  They took that little "rosebud" and ran with it, smearing it across the GOP led Senate.

A decent move all in all.  

In case you were wondering, McConnell actually went as far as to introduce a "poison pill" by linking the section 230 nonsense [https://www.newsweek.com/2000-stimulus-checks-section-230-repeal-included-mitch-mcconnells-surprise-covid-relief-bill-1557866](https://www.newsweek.com/2000-stimulus-checks-section-230-repeal-included-mitch-mcconnells-surprise-covid-relief-bill-1557866) in a desperate attempt to block the checks.  

By forcing him to do that, the Dems won this round.  It's pretty clear.  Only the most deluded of GOP sheeple believe anything other than the fact that the GOP and McConnell are the ones behind blocking the stimulus check. 

It was actually pretty decently well played.  Pushing it further and actually holding up the veto override vote would have lost the "points" won by this and still wouldn't have gotten those checks out.
Doesnt apply to me. Just saying. I have 3 children. All planned. And I got a tubal and the implant afterwards. 

But if any of my pregnancies had been because of failed contraception or rape, I would like to know my life wasnt over. My mom was on the pill for 2 of her pregnancies. Had another baby randomly 10 years later, got a tubal. Then got pregnant with a 4th baby. 

Would you have said those were the consequences of her own actions? Also, she was married for all of those. So it wasnt like she was slutting around. Just didnt want kids. Ended up with 4 of us.
This is a poison pill.  In reality what Trump did was reduce the budgets of federal agencies.  Now they will be forced to increase the salaries of federal workers without getting additional funding to cover it.
&gt; I think it's much more likely to assume the 5%1 (going with that number for now) who didn't vote were not going to vote for Obama anyways.

We're looking at the actual effect on the election, not what people "would have done."  If 100% of Clinton supporters didn't vote, then that would be their effect--no votes--no matter their preference.  The net for Obama would just be 0 per Clinton voter, even if 100% of them "would have" voted for Obama had they voted.  

----

But I'm glad that you brought up the CCES, because that brings me to the *next* point I generally like to share with people when talking about this topic.  When you look at the self-declared politically leaning of those who voted for Bernie in the primary and then for Trump in the general, a little more than 25% self-identify as at least leaning Republican, with over 10% self-identifying outright as Republican.

This means that a full quarter of those Bernie--&gt;Trump supporters weren't your standard fare Bernie-or-Busters but Republican-leaning (a good chunk of them outright Republican) who voted for Bernie in the primary probably either to spite Clinton, to help divide the Democrats, or to promote Bernie, who they saw as the weaker candidate.  

This final point is actually a tough pill for Sanders supporters to swallow because it indicates that the race, which was a blowout for Clinton, probably wasn't even actually as close as it appeared.  A lot of Sanders support was probably not genuine, with these votes representing around 2.5% of all his votes.
They said, "Mitch, the country will hate you," and when he got his first non-pill-induced erection in 40 years, they knew they had their man.
Not really: these communities refuse to tax corporations that steal from them, despise regulations that would have protected their water supply, and “environmental regulation” is one step away from pedophilia for these clowns. Rural America has done this to itself. They aren’t victims and ha e had outsized influence and and outsized cut of tax dollars since the country was born. What rural America is mad about is the fact that they have squandered all of it. Nothing to show except diabetes, mobility scooters paid for by city dollars, and pregnant teenagers with pill habits.
It would take long enough to enact that they can reverse it. It's a poison pill. Just call his bluff.
Not really. There's no way it could go into effect in less than the time for the new administration to be seated. Just enact it again. The idea is to call Mitch's bluff here. It's a poison pill. "Say" you'll take the poison then send it back up the hill.
Funny how frequently the meaning of pill shooter.
117th Congress begins on the 3rd, while the run-offs are on the 5th, so there's not enough time to pass the $2k checks bill prior to the GA run-offs if the Senate doesn't pass the clean House bill as-is by Sunday morning.

If Mitch had the votes for his $2k + poison pill idea then the Senate would have passed it already and put the onus on the Dem-led House to um and ah over the tradeoff, strip the poison and send it back as the clock ran out on the 116th.

Loeffler and Perdue are going to have to go into the runoffs without a $2k check vote under their belts.

If the GOP have any say in it then there'll be no $2k ($1400) checks under Biden, since that might allow a demonstration of the efficacy of trickle-up economics.
It’s a distraction from the cyber attack and terrible pardons and the fact that they’re denying Biden access to national intelligence. 

The poison pill Section 230 repeal that McConnell tied to the $2000 stimulus came directly from Trump. Trump is mad at Twitter for censoring his tweets and now wants to burn them down even if that means killing Facebook. 

But it’s 100% a distraction from the real things.
For the record I am absolutely not on McConnell's side here. I completely support $2000 and I don't really care if it goes to some rich people because 99% of it will go to the poor and middle class. 

However, the house bill was written sloppily. It didn't *just* increase the amounts adults get to $2000, it also kept the same gradual phase out schedule that was in the original bill (something like families lose $5 of stimulus per $100 they make over the $75k/150k threshold). They also expanded the pool by including adult dependents, and increasing the amount to $2000 for each child without limit. 

So, we can argue about whether that's appropriate (I feel it's fine) but I think it was a poison pill ask to Republicans in the first place. And for Republicans who did the math, they aren't wrong that some reduced stim checks will be going to some rich people (families that make over $350k who have 3+ kids. It's a tiny minority of the money in question, but they aren't completely mistaken in this point.
Honestly, the world as we know it, are people who grew up with a perception of America that can only be described as the greatest place on Earth, where EVERYBODY lives in a mansion, has an Astronaut in the family, and  above everything else, America is the Country that will always come through and save the entire planet from any disaster - and then the last 4 years played out. And sadly, all perceptions of America, being Leaders of the free World, the futuristic heroes of the universe have diminished globally. When faced with a real life natural disaster as Covid is - America was unable to save even herself. The President was about as helpful as a hole in the head. Also, protesting the 'right' to not wear a mask was displayed from the most selfish, immoral people on the planet, creating noise to be awkward.. and free. However, what Americans DO NOT have, is the "right" to willfully endanger or cause risk to life of those people on the planet who behaved more appropriately and who were taking measures so as not to infect others. Now though for the Earths furthest travelling shockwave EVER, which swept the globe and reached out of TVs in every house on the planet And it touched millllions of people. The horrific, senseless,, racist torture/murder of GEORGE FLOYD.    What was going on in Beautiful America??  Coz it was ugly as hell.  The attitudes and way of life, ie how people treat people is soooo outdated and behind the times, it can't be real.   But the hardest truth to digest which will likely hurt people, it is not my wish to offend ANY PERSONS,  but how, why did George Floyd die with his face in the cold ground, helpless, on a busy Street, whilst being looked on and surrounded by Police Officers and people alike??  The world saw it was armed officers involved, but still,  no real intervention from a single entity was attempted and it was hard to watch - mind boggling. Especially from the Land Of The Brave!!?.    For Donald Trump, trying to take the Country down with his pathetic behaviour is the final blow. But let's be clear, he is merely taking advantage of the loopholes in an already deeply flawed system..  children going to bed at night hungry, only to wake up hungry whilst living in the richest country in the world - their plight has left third world countries in the shade And this cruel act should be Unnaceptable and Unforgivable, but nonetheless, it has been happening all year round with little or no real coverage for the tragedy that it is!!. Never give up on a cause worth fighting for because  PEOPLE WILL ALLWAYSS BE TREATED HOW THEY ALLOW THEMSELVES TO BE TREATED!!   It's a hard pill to swallow, but it seems clear that America never really was how the rest of the world perceived it to be.  In just 1 year a lot of bad truths were exposed the world over. So good riddance to the blasted year that was 2020.  WISHING GOOD HEALTH AND HAPPINESS TO ONE AND ALL. HAPPY NEW YEAR PEEPZ! X
The same turtle head that's now trying to poison pill the $2000 increase in relief funds by including sweeping election investigation legislation. Only, the GOP controls it this time.
If I want to be given an abortion pill and I'm being forced to go through a totally unnecessary(and violating) procedure because some religious nut bag politicians want me to look at a clump of cells on a fuzzy screen first, than yeah my rights are being violated.
The restrictions are unjust and there is literally no logical reason why they should be enforced. It's kinda like saying "yeah sure gays can get married, but first they have to listen to some preacher tell them they're going to hell for it first"
People dont understand unless they do a stand alone bill just for stimulus checks then all the fat in these bills is vaying for all kinds of unnecessary private interests its a poison pill unless its a stand alone bill
Plenty of pharmacists don’t fill prescriptions because they object personally to them. See: morning-after pill. For some, Viagra.
Of course I've seen that trash. It's by the same "reporter" as the article we're commenting on now. When it was posted elsewhere on Reddit, I had the exact same reaction I'm having now. It's trash, and it's beneath us to believe shit so poorly supported by EVIDENCE when we have so many _actual treasonous problems_ to deal with. We don't need to make up reality to explain losses like Trump does. We're stronger if we live in reality, and these wild eyed excuses are poison pill distractions. 

&gt; Where there’s smoke there’s fire. When people turn something simple into something complicated, it’s usually to obscure something. Same principle at work in accounting and politics.

This is terrible reasoning and certainly not what you'd want to base claims of massive voter fraud on.
yeah they are going to call anybody who runs against them a communist. You aren't going to beat that by putting forward increasingly bland democratic candidates. What needs to happen is that people see a candidate in the Democratic party that represents a legitimate alternative to republican philosophy. And then the poison pill that is the federal DNC needs to stay the fuck out of it. 
Why would anybody vote for Amy McGrath? She is about as close to Republican as you can be while keeping the D next her name. Instead of trying to lure Republicans away from their party, how about giving people a not-neo-liberal option?
And before anybody rolls in here talking about "these country-bumpkins are too far gone, too uneducated and too backwards" I'd suggest that people stop coming at this like some white suburbanite and instead have those candidates drive over to a fucking logging camp and start talking about unions. 

You hear the way Obama and Pelosi and fuckin army of talking heads talk about these "unattainable" voters, and it is just really clear that the DNC has abandoned workers. 
A lot of people voted for trump because they were not the winners under Obama, were feeling abandoned by their representatives, and Trump said he was going to burn it down. It is that simple. People don't like neo-liberalism.

edit: sorry for the rant.
I think that was just a “poison pill” to be able to go “look we offered something and the dems refused” knowing full well nobody wants 230 repealed and it would hold it up.
Okay so we're here now. It's passed her now. Stop the what aboutism. Republicans are for it, Democrats are for it and McConnell is blocking trying to add a poison pill to it. C'mon don't be that guy.
This community's users can't even have dialogue WITH EACH OTHER ON OUR OWN SUB
 ...and all because "Red Pill" warlords have seized our means of communication.

These "Red Pill" types censor us ruthlessly as a means to "own the libs" and push obvious agendas down upon us all like a Crown of Thorns.

It's obvious as daylight.
This community's users can't even have dialogue **WITH EACH OTHER ON OUR OWN SUB** 

...and all because "Red Pill" warlords have seized our means of communication.

These "Red Pill" types censor us ruthlessly as a means to "own the libs" and push obvious agendas down upon us all like a Crown of Thorns.
Well, just of the top of my head - and, mind you, this supposes a Divided Congress (each of the two major parties in control of one of the two Legislative Branches) - would be the "poison pill" bill: a bill that, just by voting on it, would harm the party in control of the Senate, because it has an Ammendment that is opposed to the values exposited by the Senate-controlling party.

For example: a MUST pass Defense or Budget Bill with a rider that legislatively legalizes Marijuana or Abortion, when Republicans control the Senate.

Secondly, neither party really wants this power to be removed, as THEY will want to use it when THEY are in control of the Senate. Just like no one really wants to roll back the expansion of the powers of the Executive Branch, because each party wants it to be there when it's their turn on top!
Healthcare is utter shit everywhere but the hospitals. Seeing a specialist once a month for ten minutes to tell you they didnt find anything and push you to the next specialist it will take a month to get in to see and ten minutes of "care" to get a pain pill or pushed to the next. Cant get any real help in this goddamn country unless you are rich and famous.
Very sad, average life expectancy is roughly 70 across those 25 counties. I think i remember seeing the life expectancy in KY has been decreasing because of the pill-billy and heroin crisis. 

It seemed like there was movement from OH and WV lawmakers on this mid Trump term, but seems to have gone quiet since the election stuff started.
He said he won’t pass it unless Congress ties it to the repeal of section 230 and then pass it and send it up to him in senate. He is just using it as a poison pill because he knows it won’t pass.
&gt; Repealing 230 was required for trump and the republicans to agree to the 2000$, and a poison pill without it.


Republicans adding pork to the $2k proposal would be a poison pill.
He should wage war on the democrats and republicans who failed to add the repeal of section 230 to the omnibus bill otherwise he's just doing this to waste his breath. Repealing 230 was required for trump and the republicans to agree to the 2000$, and a poison pill without it. If they didn't want to compromise and play ball, that's on them.
The house of Reps passed a stand alone bill for 2k checks. That’s all it is. McConnell said he won’t bring it up for a vote in senate unless it includes a repeal of section 230 which he is using as a poison pill to kill the bill.
How is what he’s proposing any different than the bill approved by the house on Monday (prior to Mitch tacking on the ‘poison pill’)?
Reality is a hard pill to swallow.
This is more reasoning imo for why the Dems should call mcturtles bluff and vote oh his "poison pill package". It would give the people the 2k they need, create a commission to investigate "alleged" voting irregularities that the incoming admin can stream roll into doing actual investigations into these states that had wild polling swings, and leave the corporate immunity and sec 230 to essentially be in limbo for 2 weeks until the biden admin takes office and uses EO to reinforce each. I am sure the GOP will lose their hair in the 14 days after a repeal of 230 and all of their outlets are banded to hell. 

Win win win I say
That was exactly the plan for Georgia. Put the 230 poison pill in there assuring the bill cannot pass, and then have Perdue and Loeffler say they will vote for it. It's all a fucking game to them.

230 being repealed without a replacement literally means 90% the internet disappears overnight. No more reddit, wikipedia, youtube, craigslist, wikihow, soundcloud, ALL GONE. any site where any other person other than the website creator can post anything is gone. This includes Breitbart and any other place Trump heads post.
I guess disenfranchisement is a two way street, except the Republican effort to disenfranchise minorities and Democrats backfired. It's a bitter pill to swallow, which is partly why we're seeing so much conservative/racist rage. Because now they are getting a taste of the minority experience.
Boom. 

As painful of a pill it might be to swallow, we have got to find common ground with these people. We need them to understand that the battle is not between us, but between all of us and those wielding the power for nefarious purposes.
What you all are doing in this thread is contributing to exactly what Trump wants ... lack of belief in our ability to hold elections thereby allowing you to claim anyone you don't like is illegitimate. This is a poison pill you all are swallowing, and I'm begging you: STOP. 

Before you make extraordinary claims, you MUST have extraordinary evidence. The belief in this thread is NOT WARRANTED by the mountains of evidence we have on this issue. Please, be responsible, stop this and push back on it when you see it.
If Mitch thought that the $2000.00 payments were going to the rich, he wouldn't be blocking them. Also, since he put forth a bill that included the $2000.00 along with two "poison pill" additions, then it doesn't really make any sense that he believes that bulls&amp;!t!
That’s exactly what’s happening. Adding legislation to a bill that the other party will not want to vote for is called adding a “poison pill” 

McConnell didn’t want to bring this to a vote at all, but he knew that wouldn’t be possible with how much attention is on it, so he added some poison pills to make it look like the dems are the bad guys because now they won’t want to pass it. 

And it often works, because people blame the party refusing to pass the bill with the new (and often unrelated) stuff attached to it, when they should be blaming the party that attached the stuff in the first place.
You make a good point about those being the people spreading it — touché. 

But in terms of forcing the vaccine — never gonna happen.  We can’t even force cloth face coverings, there is no way someone who was anti-mask is going to get a syringe full of meds against their will.  

If they want the vaccine they’ll have to get in line like the rest of us, but it would be a hard pill to swallow seeing some of these deniers first up for the “cure.”
I keep trying to figure out what happened but there are no damn articles on it. My understanding is that Sanders was filibustering, but he got cut off because they voted to end it, and 41 of the 60 votes required to end the filibuster were Democrats. And that means the senate is now set to vote on undoing the defense bill veto because they ended the filibuster early by voting to cut it off instead of doing what Sanders demanded, which was doing a standalone vote for $2000.

So that means that we're basically not going to get $2000 anymore because that filibuster was the only incentive Republicans had to bring that vote to the senate floor and now McConnell's poison pill version will be the only one they can vote on. Am I getting it or am I missing something? There is basically nothing online about the Sanders filibuster being cut off and I don't know why
&gt; there are protocols to be followed that were not followed here, and *that* I believe was a purposeful act. 

I think this proves the point though, this starts to daddble in the world of conspiracy theories. 

Epstein was even able to have his island full of the rich and powerful seemed like a conspiracy. Don't forget ABC killed the story three years before: 

[https://www.newsweek.com/abc-jeffrey-epstein-story-amy-robach-prince-andrew-1469893](https://www.newsweek.com/abc-jeffrey-epstein-story-amy-robach-prince-andrew-1469893)

I think when you add in right wing media combined with covid and then top it with Epstein, QA Anon to some is not a hard pill to  swallow
They don't wallow in it. They gaslight their base into finding a way to blame democrats or antifa for it. Its not hypocritical is they are convinced being Democrat is anti-american. Currently it is the democrats fault the $2000 isn't going to go through because Mitches attachments to the bill shouldn't be poison. Its not that Mitch is a piece of shit, its thst the dems are too corrupt to accept changes to 230 and participated in massive, country wide voting fraud so they - of course - wouldn't pass anything that would open thst up 🙄. The only thing I see that is in common is that Mitch shouldn't be playing politics with the money but it isn't seen as the GOP being hypocritical. They have taken the pill and it tastes like boot leather.
As a stand alone bill, it will most likely pass.  Enough republicans support it.  That’s why it won’t be brought up for a vote.  

They want to add a poison pill to it so that Dems will be the ones who won’t vote on it.  

This way they can use it as ammunition against the Dems in future elections.
&gt;Getting rid of 230 means no more facebook, twitter, reddit, youtube. that has got to be better for the world.

It affects way more than that. Interestingly, the larger companies like Facebook and Twitter are probably the only ones who could survive such a move. It would likely destroy thousands of businesses almost overnight. A move with such massive effects shouldn't just be tacked randomly onto a clean bill like this, and it almost certainly wouldn't pass (of course, that's the intent, it's a poison pill).
Democrats believe the free market should pick winners and losers - not the government. Republicans want to attack these tech companies because they reflect reality and will not bend facts to conservatives feelings.

If you think the gov should determine which companies win and lose then you can support 230. However, if you support the free market you realize how much of a poison pill this is.

Although you are being purposely obtuse and/or ignorant, so trying to explain what the free market is to you is probably a lost cause.
And now I'm insulted, for no reason. Take a chill pill dude.
&gt; Stop being a racist and assuming all Latins vote blue. You should already know that’s far from true. It’s disturbing when bigots like you

Jesus take your pill and calm the fuck down. Why so historic and aggressive? Is it the only way conservative stooges learn to debate?
I honestly think Hawley is using this as a way to push McConnell to have a clean vote on the 2K survival checks. 

Hawley has nothing to loose by supporting this ruse. I know he has been working closely with Bernie to get this passed. 

The timing of his announcement was odd considering it followed McConnell poison pill announcement.
Doesn't that mean that before you were taking the blue pill, and now you took the red pill and woke up?
I don't want the Senate trying to play 4d chess with something this important. McConnell vetoed his own poison pill once but that is no guarantee that he will do it again or kill the bill. This bill has wide reaching implications beyond the poison pills. This gives Trump two huge wins and puts arrows in his quiver for a 2024 run that you can't rule out because of prison. This also has huge implications on people's ability to have avenues of self expression on the internet. Social media is far more toxic to the misinformation of Republicans because let's face it, they are the party of misinformation. Losing Parler is far less of a blow to Republicans than losing all our avenues of political expression on the internet. Losing 230 would be a gift horse to Republicans for years. Don't bank on it losing in court because that may take years. Don't try to play 4d chess with this for 2 Grand. Wait a month to see if we win the Senate. The votes for the standalone bill are almost there.
Wtf would this be sarcasm?

We're fortunate this man exists trying to fight the good fight despite so much opposition.  

Unfortunately i don't know of any us politicians this passionate on doing the right thing and always being on the right side of history. 

If there's a pill to let someone live forever, Bernie needs to be near the top to get it.
I used to take the red pill and believe he was bat shit crazy but I'm awake now. This man should be revered and appreciated by everyone. Keep fighting bernie!!!!
Why are you acting like Bernie is the one who is pushing the repeal of 230, that's a GOP thing trying to attach it to something as a poison pill.
Take the poison pill. It wont last. Hell, it probably wont even take effect. I could do without social media for about 20 something days until it goes back to normal.
You mean to say "DRUMMPPFF IS HITLER" but in more words? Why not just stick with the usual line? Hitler was a national-socialist. The left in your country are global-socialists. If you actually read NSDAP policy instead of listening to the summaries you get on TV you'd realise that they align more than perfectly with global-socialists in every way. The right in your country are a toothless tiger. They are no threat at all, they don't even fund their own lobbyists.

Meanwhile while you're chasing shadows of nazi's behind every rock the other party has aligned with all the institutes of power, academia, media, silicon valley, the big bankers, the firearms peddlers and war lobbyists, there's not a single institute of power that has influence over your country except for the Israeli lobby that haven't aligned with your far left government.

I do think this is like watching Hitler's rise to power. Using fear, uncertainty and doubt to brainwash generations of kids through schools that national now global socialism is the only way forwards to progress, got mit uns, the entire work. It's even got it's own religion and priest class complete with original sin and once rational people have taken a crazy pill and are no longer questioning anyone in authority just because the 'right team' won at their electoral hand egg game.

I fear for your country. Much more now than ever before. The right are foolish, the left are downright diabolical. The right laugh at the left. The left want to line up and shoot the right and even have tactical squads making hit lists of people who get the bullet. I wish you guys would see that your global-socialists are literally the national-socialists with a new post 2K optics package.
Ask The Native American Indians how trusting the government will end for you. I don’t care what side of the fence you’re on. I voted for Kanye because neither of the primary candidates were worth voting for. Everyone is so stuck on Democrat/Republican, left/right, com/con. I mean. Really? Is it not clear that the system is setup for one side to hate the other? Oh. But we’re giving you freedom of choice. Ok buddy. 
All right then. 
So sad people are so hung up on drama and confrontation that they can’t see the whole entire picture. 
The way everyone is trying so hard to change history and taught in school, scratch this thought in part. It’s just that everyone has forgotten about history because they’re so caught up in making history comfort another’s feelings. Pay attention. We’re paying people to run our country that spends our money in other countries, when there are people here that need and deserve help too. And I just don’t see the logic. The other thing that is a hard pill to swallow is that everyone blames someone or something else for everything. It’s our fault for buying into a crooked system and to chicken shit to stand up to wrong doing. You’ll jump up for the opportunity to point out other’s mistakes, but never their own. Fess up. When you’re wrong, say you’re wrong and don’t blame someone or something else for your fuckups. Use your brain for something other than a hat 👒 rack. 
😘
Lol Trump did not "lose" McConnell. If that were true then why would Mitch be tagging on the poison pill of Trump's 230 repeal and a Benghazi-sized eLeCTiOn fRaUd inquiry?
But the only reason Republicans support $2000 is because it’s a poison pill. Republicans want to add things on there that are terrible. And they’re just trying to make people hungry for that $2000, and make the Democrats look bad if they refuse to go along with the add ons for the bill for that  2  thousand dollars.  Since when have Republicans actually ever given a damn?
Depends. e.g. the morning after pill type things
Maybe if it was *really* flexible, it'd never leave the house.


Introduce it as some red-pill freedom class that's a martial art with a bonus, and tell them it's not gay, it's just masturbating!
This isn't a poison pill. It's an bipartisan issue that's unpopular with voters. But Biden's already [gone on record](https://www.theverge.com/2020/1/17/21070403/joe-biden-president-election-section-230-communications-decency-act-revoke) as wanting to repeal it as well. But any attempts to do so would run face first into the anti-neutrality crowd.

But look at the comments in this thread. People are clamoring for it now because they need the money more than they care about the how and why of who moderates social media.

Don't get me wrong, both sides want to repeal it for different reasons. Trump thinks it'll stop twitter from flagging his posts. Biden thinks it will force twitter to ban him. But regardless, both sides still want it and they've still struggled to get it through. Now there's a ton of pressure on the people resisting it.
How well is the poison pill going down? I don't think there's a lot of understanding or support for the Sections 230 repeal.
Can someone clarify how repeal of Section 230 be a poison pill?

My understanding is that it gives businesses protections for hosting content generated by other parties on their sites, so that places like Twitter and Facebook become part of the public square and more people can participate in free speech.  It seems like removing those protections would just force social media sites to get more insurance, and then the insurance companies would offer lower rates to social media sites that did a better job monitoring posts.

It might kill YouTube because video is harder to monitor, and might kill Parker and Gab because their audiences are already comprised of people kicked off of other platforms for advocating violence.  Bigger social media sites would be ok, wouldn’t they?  If they can adapt to deal with DMCA and copyright issues, they’d be able to deal with the rest, wouldn’t they?

Or is it the repeal of protections from libel suits based on posts hosted on their platforms that would basically kill Internet businesses?  If it’s basically crippling all American Internet companies, it seems like a really sneaky and underhanded way to make it so the aid won’t get passed.
The media needs to call it what it is and call it a poison pill. This isn't some existential battle against Big Tech it's Mitch using Trump's childish whims as a poison pill. The media is giving this more face value than even republicans are.
Mitch is what cancer would be like, if it was a person. He doesn't need a blue pill, he gets hard thinking of new ways to screw over people beneath his income bracket.
A legislative poison pill is passive aggressive bullying
Except the last time Mitch did this he ended up just filibustering his own poison pill bill
There's the poison pill we all expected. This guarantees the 2k dollar checks will never happen and Republicans now have all they need to blame Democrats for that
A poison pill that his base will fall for.
This whole debacle is a brilliant example of **how fucking unfair** the battle of political optics is between Democrats and Republicans.

Let's recap:   
- Trump protests a bipartisan COVID/budget deal. His arguments are that budget proposals have too much "pork" in foreign aid and having nothing to do with COVID.

No shit. The bills are separate matters, but combined to expedite the process. FURTHERMORE, Trump's own goddamn WH proposed 95% of these *same provisions he's complaining about.*

Does he know that, or is he doing it purposefully? Who cares - the Republican base is dumb as rocks and conservative media will tell them what they want to hear.

-Trump vetoes the military budget against the wishes of his own party. Republicans stay silent and hope none of their voters pay attention to them trying to override the veto as if that wasn't an insane thing to be doing.

Who cares - the Republican base is dumb as rocks and conservative media will tell them what they want to hear.

-Trump demands $2,000 in checks randomly and fucks up the entire negotiation. Benefits expire and Americans get screwed.

Who cares - the Republican base is dumb as rocks and conservative media will tell them what they want to hear.

-McConnell, seeking to avoid having to actually help Americans (and most importantly jeopardize the GA runoffs) puts a poison pill into the negotiations at the 11th hour to a STANDALONE BILL. He's literally putting the same "needless provisions" and "pork" into a bill that conservatives were previously complaining about.

Who cares - the Republican base is dumb as rocks and conservative media will tell them what they want to hear.

-McConnell then blames Democrats for wanting to "defund the Pentagon" despite NONE OF THIS HAPPENING without Trump's insane obstruction in the first place. This is 100% a self-inflicted wound, and an egregious one at that.

Who cares - the Republican base is dumb as rocks and conservative media will tell them what they want to hear.

.....It's so fucking infuriating that despite all this, I still have ZERO optimism for Democrats to win the Georgia runoffs, because this shit works.

McConnell and R's have the conservative media machine and decades of misinformation and indoctrination behind them. They have gerrymandering, they have voter suppression, they have the courts. They have to do a tiny, tiny fraction of effort in regards to political optics as Democrats have to attempt, and they can sit pretty in power.

It's like Republicans get to play chess starting with 5 Queens. It's so stupid.
These people view power from a transactional point of view. They see power to the people as taking power from their donors (whom place themselves above the rest of the populous). They see supplemental income during the largest unemployment period in history as a bargaining chip because it’s a chip their donors don’t require.

Mitch doesn’t care about doing the right thing. Mitch only cares about Mitch’n’Gang. He wants to try to frame the increase loss as obstructionism by Democrats because he is hoping most people don’t do their homework and see his poison-pill addition. He is the prime example of shrewdness above substance, and anyone who enables him (including voters in Georgia) should really reconsider their willingness to allow his behavior any more.
[Section 230 is one of the most important laws protecting internet speech.]( https://www.eff.org/issues/cda230)

I don't think Mitch really wants to repeal Section 230. He knows that Democrats (and probably the majority of Republicans) will not vote to repeal it. It seems most likely that he is shoving that into the Senate bill as a poison pill. He doesn't want the $2000 direct payments and this ensures the bill won't pass.
Call his bluff. Pass it and send it back to the House. Then have Pelosi physically rip out the poison pill provisions, vote it through again, and send it back to the Senate with warmest regards.
A stand alone bill means that instead of having a lot of unrelated things atta he'd to the bill, it is just one single thing. In this case, that one single thing would change the six hundred dollars to two thousand dollars. You may have also heard the term poison pill this week. That refers to the concept of attaching something to a bill that is looked on so negatively that there is no chance of a bill being passed. In this case, they are trying to attach the repeal of 230,which is what protects free speech on the internet. By removing free speech on the internet, it would completely alter the current internet, and every single website you use, into an unrecognizable form. If by some insane miracle they get 230 passed, it will be technically unenforceable and probably every single social media, retail, journal, news source, and any other website with user created content such as product reviews, content discussion, etc, will likely sue the government of the United States and it will become an insanely complicated legal mess. Repealing 230 means a loss of free speech.
And knowing Pelosi she's going to send it back straight no poison pill. 

And she has the talking points now. 

Not that republicans will care.
It doesn’t matter because he’s already rolled a poison pill into the $2k vote, one that he knows democrats won’t vote yes on. Whether or not he allows it to be voted on on the floor is yet to be seen. But he’s not letting this go through.
No, it does. The original bill, the 2000 without pork, died in the Senate, but they did approve of the poisoned pill one per Trump through the house. The point is the same Nancy made when she raced a UC vote last Thursday: To expose the republicans as monsters or ghouls to assist their image in the Georgia runoff.

Once Mitch put in the poison, it goes back to the house for the vote, it then falls back to the house to decide on passing or rejecting it, the latter likely happening because holy shit 230. Nancy only takes the blame...in much the same way that Mitch does for the senate: being the face of it all.  

Mitch doesn't really want to kill free speech, though I'd bet good money he would on any other instance. He's just using it to put pressure on the House so he doesn't have to give out money. As I said in an earlier post, had Trump's dumbass not even brought up 230, Mitch'd just treat it like any other number.

In the end of the day; this whole theater is to influence who the hell wins Georgia; and who looks like the heroes or the monsters of the stimulus package.
He's trying to poison pill it by tying it to a section 230 repeal (same thing Trump tried and failed to do for the defense budget).
Mcconnell has actually already withdrawn his poison pill, because he realized how categorically terrible it would be for the republican party if the Dems called his bluff and passed it anyways.
It's a 'poison pill' political stunt. I don't think he's holding a vote on that either.
Honestly, I doubt even McConnell actually wants this. Ending the internet as we know it would actually make conspiracy and the like harder to spread.

No, this is just a poison pill.
He adds in something to it that the other party won't vote for and then him/his party twists it to sound like the other party is to blame and didn't want to get the money to them when in reality it was the "poison pill" stuff they attached to it to intentionally get them to vote no.
no, the second the senate passes a modified bill, IE one tied to other bills, it goes BACK to the house, where they hold another vote, they can strip the poision pill and send it back to McConnell. Over, and over, and over. every single time McConnell is a bigger ass, and people are more upset that he is taking away their money. and refuse to override the defense budget veto until it passes without the pill. That fuckin turtle needs 3/4ths to override, he gets nothing without dems, they need to whip his ass until he fucking breaks.
I personally think that the Minority leader should propose the bills, and the majority leader has the ability to call the votes. Therefore if the minority want any of their bills to face a vote then they need to work with the Majority leader, and if the majority leader wants any of their bills to reach the floor, then they need to work with the minority leader. Division of power, check and balance. 

With the current political class and crazy partisanship even this system would probably still lead to logjam and fuckery, but hopefully eventually the people (or the parties) would get so sick of the inaction that they force the two people to work the fuck together.

Also instead of the straight House-&gt;senate-&gt;President system where the senate can amend, poison pill, kill and fuck about with bills to their hearts content, there should be a system where bills are raised in the house, passed, sent to the senate, where they have the option to pass it as is, or propose/pass amendments and return to the house for a re-vote. If the amendments are accepted then it goes straight to president, if the amendments are rejected then it goes back to the senate for them to try again, but this is limited to 3/4 back and forths before the house can push a bill straight to the president. These senate amendments cannot add in any extra legislation, or remove whole sections of legislation, these amendments can only consist of suggested changes to the already passed (at house level) bill (this is to avoid things like the situation where the $2,000 stimulus is passed as a “Clean Bill” and Moscow Mitch throws in Voter Fraud and Section 230, neither of these were mentioned in original bill, and have no link to the original bill intention, an example of an amendment that could be passed would be a time limit for applications for the $2,000 cheques, or the addition of a picture of the president to the cheques, as they are relevant to the headline part of the bill). All senate votes are reduced to a simple majority. 

The senate retains the ability to confirm federal nominations and hold impeachment trials for public officials.
BERNIE SANDERS WITH A STEEL CHAIR! McDonnell is getting a taste of his own poison pill and he can suck both my liberal balls in a non judgmental way.
I'm all for calling out any politicians but "both sides do bad things sometimes" is a dead end that solves nothing. And in this case, the blame seems to lie squarely with the GOP. 

First with Trump, the leader of the party, vetoing the bill that was otherwise all agreed upon for his own self serving reason. Then his demanding the amount be $2000 instead of $600. Which would have been fine except Mitch didn't care for that and inserted the section 230 poison pill that further killed this effort to help everyday Americans. [edit. feel free to correct me here, as think there may be two bills perhaps and I don't want to conflate them.]  

Sure both sides do bad things sometimes but in this case it doesn't seem really close. Again happy to call out Dems as needed.
Democrats need to come up with their own version of “poison pill” 💊 in the future bills whenever Republicans want to pass anything.  

Playing nice and fair don’t get anywhere with these seditious traitorous Republicans.
Mitch's poison pill bill has no path to enactment because the House has already adjourned.

Only the House bill can become law, if it is passed by the Senate without any changes.

Since Democrats support the bill, and enough Republicans, including Perdue and Loeffler, claim that they would vote for a $2,000 relief payment to achieve a majority in the Senate, the only thing standing in the way of passage is the threat of a filibuster by 40 Republicans.

Of course, that's what would happen if the bill came to the Senate.  So, Mitch is right, a Republican minority dams the path.

The takeaway: It doesn't matter what Republicans like Loeffler and Perdue say. Watch what Republicans do. As long as there is a Republican led Senate, nothing will get done for the vast majority of the American people.

Conclusion: The cost of maintaining white privilege has become greater than the benefits.
McConnell just scrapped the House bill outright and--apparently--has no plans to even submit his "poison pill" alternative until after the next congressional session begins. 

The only real solution to our nation's political crisis is going the way of the French Revolution. We live in a kleptocracy, and nothing is going to change without massive social upheaval, be it violent, political, or civil.
My pull-out game is strong, soo... there is that. The 1 time my wife &amp; I chose not to pull out we became pregnant. It wasn't the 1st time nor the last time we had sex. Condoms, the pill, &amp; other contraceptives are options for those who aren't ready for pregnancy.
It's good to know Sanders isn't going to accept this poison pill bill as sufficient. It seems there's broad support across both parties to put aside divisive issues that don't belong in this bill and have an up-and-down vote on $2,000 checks alone. Mitch needs to accept this is one issue he does not have the leverage on.
McConnell is a poison pill to the country.
To purposely torpedo the relief. It's a poison pill. He knows democrats won't vote for that 230 repeal, so he has effectively made it impossible.to pass without outright stopping the vote
It's a poison pill.
Regardless of how "popular/unpopular" my opinion is I stand by it that abortions should not be used as contraceptives. Don't feel that way? Ask a woman who has had an abortion. It's not easy on her even if it's her decision alone. It effects her both physically and mentally. I do believe in the right to choose... all parties considered, all analogies considered, and as I have stated over and over "it takes 2 to tango". Use the pill + a condom + whatever before you think an abortion is the "fix all solution".
I really wish Dem leadership would call his bluff and just come together and pass it with whatever poison pill nonsense and catch him off guard.
"Why won't you take this obvious poisoned pill??"
He's trying to poison pill the $2k with 230 and a voter fraud commission. Every Democrat should vote for it anyway.

So Twitter and Facebook and Reddit can get sued for stupid shit somebody posts on line. Poor rich companies! And a voter fraud commission? They'll find Republicans committing voter fraud in rare cases, and that's about it. So what? What am I missing here?
In before "Off Topic," because "it gives us a big sad to see the truth out."

Piss Boys and billionaire "Red Pill" Libertarian traitors to our United States are NEVER held accountable in this forum.
they can, its a poision pill. the GOP is using it to kill the stimulus.
You jest, but older doctors get stuck in their ways using outdated rubrics for diagnostics (leading to misdiagnosis and late diagnosis), outdated treatments (leading to prolonged illness before you find someone who knows how to treat your problem), and have long forgotten all of those rarer diseases that they learned about in med school (so they can't diagnose you with anything not absolutely mundane and common). Older doctors, with a straight face, will tell you things that are absolutely 100% contrary to modern accepted best medical practice.

They're also completely jaded by pill seekers, fakers, insurance companies, and other bull shit so they don't really hear you speak and have already decided the moment you enter their office whether you were REALLY sick or not.

I'd take a fresh out of med school doctor as my primary any day over an experienced one.
It's a pill from Quinnipiac University poll. So it's a sample group. I don't always trust polls, especially since pollsters are still figuring out how to get good sample representation in the modern era. But, Quinnipiac is extremely reputable. So if it is accurate and we assume that "77% of republicans" really means 77% of trump voters, that means 57 million people this Biden's victory was illegitimate.
Why is that so bad?  Shouldn’t the people be happy with removing immunities for big tech companies and a wing harder on voter fraud?


I don’t know why this is a poison pill it seems like a win win for the people.
I agree. Vote the poison pill. Twitter and Facebook would have to change immediately. No more BS trump posts on Twitter and $2000 for those who need it.
It’s called the Poison pill
Someone please tell me why the House can't respond by voting on these "poisoned pill" issues separately themselves? Both to demonstrate that there's no need to tie them all together, and because they'll presumably fail (right?) which would emphasize the futility of trying to pass these two measures in the Senate anyway.

I know Mitch McConnell is a ratfucker who will do whatever he thinks will protect his majority anyway, but it seems like an obvious move that would only potentially draw a bit more attention to McConnell's underhandedness.
Why is this a poison pill?  I mean, that seems like a stupid question, but seriously, why not vote for this and deal with the bullshit after?  The Section 230 change would be hit immediately with lawsuits and is almost certain to be declared unconstitutional before the ink dries.  The investigation into voter fraud should take about 30 seconds.  Yes, there was plenty of fraud from Republicans, but none that would change the outcome of the presidential election.  Case closed.  

Fuck it, vote it in. Maybe I'm just too jaded from 2020, but seriously, at this point fuck it.  Vote it in and get checks sent out. 

Full Disclosure, I do not qualify for these aid checks.  I still think they should be sent out immediately and we can deal with whatever fucked up Republican bullshit they tack on the bill after.
I noticed that too.  It's astounding logic.  If the poison pill had anything to do with additional gun controls - oh fuck, the outcry.
I say take the pill. Let them fucking scramble to get out of their own mess, fuck Facebook along the way. My job would probably be in jeopardy though lmao.
We need an attributed Mod Log, too.

The era of "we're gonna Red Pill 'em all for LIBURRTY!!" fantasies are ending.
The GOP will blame the Democrats who smartly refused the poison pill involving Section 230.
Why not give him his kangaroo court on voter fraud? There is none, it will just me more government waste of taxpayer money. As for social media protections, I couldn't care less about poor Facebook or Twitter. 

Doesn't have to be a poison pill.
It's not blowing up at all. 

&gt;By tying all of Trump's demands together, particularly with policies Democrats are almost sure to oppose, McConnell gives himself an option that, should he bring it to the floor, would give Republicans something to vote for with little risk it could become law.

Also:

&gt;McConnell, with this alternative bill, is tying all of Trump's demands into a single piece of legislation. While aides say it's unclear if the bill will actually come up -- there remains a possibility the 116th Congress comes to an end with no action at all -- should it do so, *it would serve as a way to address the President's issues and give the two Georgia Republican senators in tight runoffs something to vote for.*

https://www.cnn.com/2020/12/29/politics/mcconnell-poison-pill-attached-to-bill/index.html

This is a very calculated move on his part.
I think Mitchs only play is to delay and have all these "poison pill" additions to the bill. I think he will put a vote on the bill that includes one "pill" he knows Democrats will say no to on the first or the second of the year, then use the Democrats didn't vote for the bill, in an attempt to boost republican turnout for same day voting.
Hawley just out fixed McConnell. The fight for $2000 isn’t over. The last thing McConnell wants is for the Sen to be caught up in this “Fraud” stuff. I believe Hawley is shooting this as a way to make McConnell bring the house bill to the floor with no poison pill. 

Hawley’s statement was carefully crafted.
&gt;Trump fucking over Mitch 

Trump isn't fucking over McConnell at all. McConnell doesn't give two shits about trump and is trying to allow GOP senators to vote something trump wants, but will never actually pass. The GOP can then say they voted for the stimulus but the dems blocked it. It will look great for the 2 Georgia senators in the runoff election *and* it gives senators up for reelection in 2022 something to campaign on ("I voted in favor of giving all of you $2,000 but the evil dems blocked it").

McConnell is thinking ahead. This poison pill thing is actually genius on his part.
Because he takes the heat for all the shitty things they want to do. Look at the comments on this thread attacking him but not the entire Senate GOP. And he looks at the long game. He's already thinking about the 2022 midterms and helping those GOP senators up for re-election.

It's pretty simple: attaching the poison pill to the stimulus means it'll never pass because it won't have enough votes to overcome a filibuster. The GOP can safely vote for it and appease trump.

This means his party can vote in favor of giving every American $2,000 and then blame the Dems for it not passing. It will let senators running for re-election in 2022 to say "I voted to give all of you $2,000. Thec2 Georgia senators can also say the same thing.

Don't get me wrong, he's a total scumbag. But he's a very smart, calculating one. He's *very* effective at moving the GOP agenda forward. He's more dangerous than trump because he's very good at his job.
South Korea is a smaller country (by land) with a more centralized population, government, and infrastructure. It’s a pipe dream to think we’d see the success of that country or New Zealand, regardless of leadership.


Either way, Trump is mostly responsible for the unnecessary deaths in the US. I’m not disagreeing with that. He’s the one who had half the country swallow the anti mask poison pill and in a just society, he’d put on trial at some point for causing six figure preventable deaths.
It's all a learned and reinforced set of behaviors for him. For the past couple of decades, he's gone through the loop of stonewall Democratic legislation -&gt; poison pill it -&gt; blame Democrats for stonewalling blatantly terrible legislation -&gt; bask in liberal anger and right-wing praise -&gt; rinse and repeat. It's what he's always done, it's what he always will do. He hasn't received any kind of punishment for his behaviors, instead receiving all kinds of positive reinforcement. He's not going to be an insufferable waste of oxygen until the day he dies because his callous disregard for human decency has never stopped working.
&gt;  no one will believe that 40% of Americans were willfully duped by an obvious conman.

If the history books are any good, the history of our country up to this point will have made it a pretty easy pill to swallow.
&gt; In the new video, Ms Lorraine asks: “Is it possible that [QAnon] is a detriment to us? That it has been a detriment to us and possibly QAnon and this whole operation has possibly neutered the most powerful, the otherwise most powerful demographic in the world.”

Dunning Kruger is a hard pill to swallow.
McConnell doesn’t actually give a shit about election fraud. It’s all just a poison pill to stymie stimulus checks, designed to both placate and shut up Trump.
Coupling Section 230 repeal to the $2,000 checks is a poison pill.

The Dems will never support it. A free press, including fact-checking social media platforms, literally saved our country from becoming an authoritarian state with Trump as our ruler. It was that close. 

I believe Twitter is very likely to permanently ban Trumps account for violating terms of service after he leaves office. At that point he is just another citizen spreading misinformation and hatred - and at times inciting violence. He understands this which is why he is so intent on taking down Section 230. I don’t thing he gives a shit about the $2,000 checks, but he is attempting to use those as a bribe to get what he wants - control of his Twitter megaphone.
&gt; “Actually the 1968 season wasn't the best time to present my case. It was the first time since my rookie year that I didn't drive in or scored 100 runs. I was so frustrated that at one point I tried using a pep pill-a greenie-that one of my teamates gave me. When that thing took hold, I thought I was having a heart attack. It was a stupid thing to do, and besides that, I shouldn't have been so concerned about my hitting in the first place. Nobody was hitting in 1968. That was the year of the pitcher - Drysdale's streak of scoreless innings and Bob Gibson's 1.12 earned run average.”
People are failing to consider how widespread the impact of this is.  You've got the big boys potentially shutting down completely - Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Reddit, Youtube.

In addition to that, Amazon product reviews, blogs with forums, fucking everything. The typical response is:  'they can just hire moderators'.  They either cannot or will not.  There's no incentive for Amazon (and all other companies) to moderate reviews.  This isn't "repeal Facebook".  It's "repeal every outlet of free speech people have on the internet."

It will be devastating.  China, Russia, UK, etc. will have more freedom of speech than we could ever dream of as a result of this.  That's why it's a perfect poison pill - Trump is dumb enough to be in favor of it, and Mitch knows democrats will **never** vote for it.
So he can blame "socalist" obviously. His poison pill bill makes it painfully obvious to anyone with a functioning frontal lobe. Unfortunately his supporters all lack that.
And when you put forth another meaningful election security bill the GOP will attach a kill pill to it like reducing the $600 checks to $6.
&gt;That's what McConnell is trying to block by, ironically, considering your post, adding "poison pill" riders to it.

Of course he is. He can't wet his beak on a simple increase in cheque $. He already avoided the massive backlash from passing *some kind of* covid relief. He has nothing to gain now by passing an increase. Democrats could have prioritised the American people before corporations by only sending him a clean covid cheque bill, but no - they wanted to wet their beaks on their pet projects too.

&gt;Perhaps, if it was longer, it would include a withdrawal agreement.

We had one of those, the Brexit agreement replaces it.
Yes you may be right but..
The GOP will want to reinstall the protection asap.
Than you poison pill the bill with a amendment of outlawing Citizens United.
Isn't politics fun. ;)
Blocked. He wouldn't allow the clean bill to come to vote. Instead choosing to add these poison pill riders so the Dems will look responsible for ultimately killing it.
Shh the GOP thinks this is a poison pill. Let them find out the hard way that we won't flinch. I'm pretty sure you are right, but if the cost of getting help to people is to screw over social media I'm just fine with this.
after winning along side a min wage boost in her first race she got lucky to pill Todd "legit rape" Akin, and then huffed too many establishment fumes
Over on the conservative sub there are people applauding this move as somehow showing that Dems don't really care about people. And ignoring that Mitch's poison pill is needlessly stopping them from receiving $2000. Truly an amazing feat of logic.
&gt;I thought democrats wanted to get rid of filibusters.

They are the current rules which they cannot change.  Bad faith attempt, truly.

This is precisely *why* Democrats want to end filibusters and everybody knows it; we do not want a repeat of the Obama years where a minority party can just stop anything from happening--including holding open hundreds of judicial appointments.

&amp;#x200B;

Conservatives can reinstate the filibuster *if* Dems take, and then lose, the Senate, if it is so important to them.  They just want unilateral control and to shame the other side for playing with the same rules.

&amp;#x200B;

Democrats should just vote to pass this poison pill, and watch as McConnell does what he did last time; filibusters his own legislation to prevent it from happening.  Desperate times call for desperate measures.
It's a poison pill that includes repealing Section 230, which would essentially kill the Internet as we know it.

Zero chance it passes.
Everyone here likely knows this already, but it's worth mentioning anyways. The only holdup at this point to these checks going out is the GOP - specifically McConnell. Republicans want to *look* like they care about average Americans because the Senate race in Georgia is do or die for both Republicans and Democrats and they know damn well that few if any of their constituents are going to turn down a 2k check. 

Instead of actually helping people, McConnell has attached a poison pill to the bill; a full repeal of section 230 which has nothing to do with the bill itself. Moreover, it is esoteric enough that your garden variety Republican isn't going to have any idea what this would mean which gives the Fox propaganda machine plenty of time and space to operate in.
*Every* bill the Democrats denied included the poison pill of civil immunity for employers regarding Covid lawsuits. They have stated this repeatedly.
Ok so you're saying to reverse the poison pill we have to delay the defense bill into the next congress to force mitch's hand?
I feel that this is an overly-simplistic take. I think dems DO want to get these checks out. It was Mitch, after all, who decided to tack on this “poison pill” to the bill, knowing full well the political implications for democrats. And you have Bernie moving to delay the vote on overturning the defense bill veto to force a vote on the stimulus bill, with full support of Democrats in the house and the senate. That to me signals that dems very much want this passed. I just feel like dems buckling away from this bill as it stands (with repeal of 230 and voter fraud commission) is the wrong move. I understand the trepidation about repealing 230, and downstream ramifications/political consequences. I just think those issues can be worked out among social media companies in the courts.
No, he's preparing a poison pill so they can vote yes on it without it passing since the Dems will vote no.
I don't understand why what McConnell did this time is a poison pill for the Dems.

Call the bluff. Pass it.

Repeal section 230 like Trump wants...I bet the right still be clamoring for it back by June as Twitter and the like delete their comments continuously.

Create a commission on election fraud... Okay, no problem. This election has already been investigated for it, nothing was really found.

So... Why are these poison?
One tactic the Dems could try is to go ahead and pass the bill, poison pill and all. Then, IF (that’s a big if) they take the Senate, selectively repeal those provisions. But, that would require some level of certainty that they’ll win in Georgia. Given the general idiocy seen in the presidential election, the win is far from guaranteed.
Dems aren't going to repeal 230. That's a poison pill and Mitch knows it. He's attempting to force democrats to vote against something they want(stimulus check increase).
Everyone is so hung up on this sec 230. I feel like that’s a distraction. What else is in this pill? He has to be getting something out of it that makes sec 230 irrelevant and is only lumping it in to keep Trump happy.
You get that we are talking about a one page amendment to the current bill and that amendment passed with bipartisan support in the House, yes? That's what McConnell is trying to block by, ironically, considering your post, adding "poison pill" riders to it. 

&gt;To put that in perspective, the **ENTIRE** Brexit agreement is \~1,200 pages, was negotiated over years, and has to take into account +50 years of legislation/politics.

Perhaps, if it was longer, it would include a withdrawal agreement.
There is a clean bill that amends the passed legislation from $600 to $2,000.  McConnell is refusing to bring it to a senate vote unless they package it with the poison pill items.
I'm lost. I thought the 2k stimulus check bill had a ton of poison pill fluff in it. Isn't this getting passed in its current state kind of a bad thing?
What if the Democrat take the pill and amend it later? Would that call MoscowMitch's bluff?
I doubt Georgians (let alone Americans) think Trump's "Only I Get to Lie" and "I Am Not a Loser" poison pill babyman bills are worth them giving up $2,000 each.
&gt;McConnell proposed legislation on Tuesday that would allow for stimulus  checks to be boosted to $2,000. However, McConnell connected the direct  payments to requests made by Trump that Democrats have denounced.  McConnell's bill includes a repeal of Section 230, part of the  Communications Decency Act which protects social media platforms from  liability for content posted by third parties.   
&gt;  
&gt;McConnell's proposal also requires the formation of a bipartisan  "advisory committee" to "study the integrity and administration of the  general election for Federal office held in November 2020." Trump has  repeatedly claimed that widespread election fraud caused his loss to  President-elect [Joe Biden](https://www.newsweek.com/topic/joe-biden),  and has filed lawsuits in swing states in an attempt to overturn the  election results. Those legal attempts have largely failed and many have  described Trump's allegations as unsubstantiated. 

Which is actually pretty clever, even if it's transparent and evil. Put a poison pill in the legislation to make it impossible for democrats to vote for it, and when Democrats inevitable object to the provisions, he will (i imagine he hopes) get Trump back on the reservation.

Can smarter people than me indicate how to sidestep this volley?
Correct. Mitch doesn't simply get to write a Senate version of the bill and demand that the House take up that bill without reconciliation.

His poison pill proposal will simply die in the House the same way that over 400 pieces of House legislation have died in the Senate.
I am not a lawmaker, I am not even american, but: here's a strategy: 

\- This week, house passes a bill for 2K checks. Goes to senate. McConnell says no, adds poison pill, goes back to house.

\- House strips poison pill, sends it back to senate. Senate re-adds poison pill, and theatrics. Sends back to house.

\- House strips poison pill again, sends back to senate.

\- But we are now Jan 6, hopefully Dems win the GA senate vote 

\- Stalling occurs until Dems become effective majority in the senate.

\- Senate passes unpoisoned 2k bill.

&amp;#x200B;

Could it not work like that?
We are cursed with an embarrassment of riches. There is more food, in more variety, than is needed to feed everyone. And it doesn't take as large a segment of the population as it once did. There is a roof for every heart and head to sleep under. Textiles and clothing aplenty that none need go bare. Medicine enough for all, or near enough.  Want is unnecessary. Poverty is unnecessary. It's a distribution problem.  The only thing crucial to life and happiness that is in shortage is meaningful work. It just doesn't take enough people to sustain this state.

We are going to have to, at some point, deal with this surplus of leisure. To properly organize our efforts in such a way that need is abolished and people remain as fulfilled as they can be. And I'm not talking about abolishing wealth. There will always be opportunity for those of means to have more, for the competitive to compete. But for a citizen of means to suffer a lack of feeling of accomplishment unless others suffer dire lack is a mental illness.  It is socially undesirable. It is unnecessary. And there is probably a pill for that.
Go ahead and pass it with the poison pill.  

Sites like Facebook, Twitter and Reddit will go black for a few hours as the Senate scrambles to undo the poison pill.   Two hours, tops.
The primaries were open to all registered democrats and people didn't come out for Bernie Sanders like Reddit wanted. Thats a tough pill to swallow for people on here.
**You have to hand it to Moscow Mitch,** he managed to insert a poisoned pill along the $2000 stimulus checks to force Democrats to either turn down the stimulus check to safeguard article 230 or to destroy 230 to get the checks to the people. 

In this very case, what I would do is vote for the stimulus despite the repeal of 230 and then, once Biden takes office, just vote in a new 230, making sure the social media companies use their tremendous influence and money to "compel" Republican senators to vote in favor of it.
A lot of comments are skipping the 2nd part of the poison pill: The Congressional Committee to look into the validity of the 2020 election.

Hell naw. That was fair and square.

My fear is that this Committee will be used to validate the claims of the lame duck liar somehow, relating to his failed re-election campaign. This Committee could help bolster the motivation of far right agitators and groups.

"In addition to larger checks, the McConnell package repeals Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act and amplifies Trump’s delusional claim that the 2020 election was fraudulent. . .

the so-called “2020 Bipartisan Advisory Committee” that McConnell’s package would establish. According to a text of the McConnell package published by The Washington Post, the committee would study “the scope of any improper and fraudulent votes that were cast in the election,” among other things."

Pure poison.
That's a poison pill.  I am much more confident the Republicans are throwing that in there so Dems won't vote for the bill.  McConnel swindled Trump again.
McConnell does. That’s why it is there. He knows no one will actually vote for the bill with that poison pill there. And if they are dumb to do so, no one will be taking about the $2000 because Reddit, Facebook, Twitter, and a bunch of other sites will be pretty much gone and that will be the only think people are taking about.

At that point they could delay the $2000 payout till they find a loophole to f*ck all of us again from not getting the payment.
BAD GAMBLE. Facebook and Twitter would level with that shit for a time.

As of now, there's two versions, one with the poison pill, and one without. But, the one without from the Dems has to have some degree of crossover support from repubs or else bumpkis happens.

 So, if Mitch holds the senate together to vote yes on the poison pill and no on the one without, the only bill left to pass would be the one with the poison pill and that fucks Pelosi royally hard; because now her options become "pass the poison pill or be known as the woman who denied the poor the $2,000."

Say what the fuck I can and will about that decrepit Turtle-Lich; but he didn't make it this long in the game by being stupid.
Don’t you think at this point it’s all a scam. Trump says give bigger checks, McConnell blocks it, setups up poison pill for election fraud committee and section 230 with checks so democrats will kill it. Tables turned for the long con.
&gt; so then what the hell is the point? allowing politicians to clog up congress and the house making new laws for shit we already had laws for?

geezus dude. are you not paying attention? McConnell is putting this in the bill to try to poison pill the 2k dollar checks so Dems vote against and he can blame them.

That's why some of us are telling the Dems to call his bluff.
Poison Pill -definition- something given to the #1 Turd on the planet.
&gt;Surely such a man will command the house to pass it for the good of the American people and for his own desire to see 230 removed.

Doesn't matter what Biden does, there are not enough votes in the house to pass such a bill, not to mention it's a completely absurd addition. That's the intent, that's what a poison pill is. Add something that people will oppose so it gets struck down, then blame your opponents for striking it down.
...you know Biden isn't voting on this bill, right? And Biden's view has nothing to do with it being a poison pill? It certainly is, considering we've got a clean bill that does nothing but change every instance of 600 to 2000... and then we've got McConnell's bill, that does that, repeals section 230, and a few other things Trump's been ranting about lately. 

It would never pass the house. McConnell is using section 230 as a poison pill, plain and simple.
I wish he was preparing an actual cyanide pill that he'd pop during Bernie filibuster.
The problem here is timing and leverage.

The GOP doesn’t want this bill. And the only reason they are pretending to care about it is the runoff election on Jan 5th.

That means if the bill is not passed by Jan 6th it will not pass.

The Democrats have no leverage to force Republicans in the Senate to do anything beyond Jan 5th.

Further, on Jan 3 a new congress is sworn in, and they have to restart this process anyway, making the timing even more sensitive.

So all the Republicans in the Senate need to do is delay it’s passage, which is how they’ve dealt with every bill from the House they don’t want to vote on.

The Military Spending bill has already had its veto override in the House, so the Senate can pass that at their leisure.

Unless they use the nuclear option they can’t override a filibuster, but Sanders has said he’ll drop the filibuster (and even allow a unanimous consent vote) if they *schedule* a vote on the $2,000 check bill. So they will probably schedule the poison pill one, Sanders will drop the challenge, the poison pill will go to the House who removes it, and, “oh shucks we’re out of time.”

What should happen is Sanders should filibuster until the clean $2,000 bill is passed. But we know the Military Spending Bill is important as well, so I don’t imagine him holding it up past Jan 1st, and I imagine if we actually approach that point Democrats in the Senate will vote to override his filibuster.

All of this is worthless though. Trump tied the $2,000 to a repeal of Section 230 and legislation legitimizing his claim of voter fraud. Trump will not sign a clean $2,000 stimulus check.
Just so you're aware, Mitch McConnell is currently preparing a separate bill to increase the stimulus to 2,000... while also repealing section 230, among other random things to please Trump. So looks like the people saying Republicans would add a poison pill, and that it would likely be a section 230 repeal, were correct.
The tech lobby is one of the best funded and fastest moving lobby out there. Let Mitch swallow his own pill, see how much pain it causes for people on the right, and let the tech lobby put pressure on to bring it back. This will only pull more tech companies from supporting the GOP monetarily.
It's a poison pill, McConnell knows Democrats will never vote to repeal section 230. So when the House votes it down, he can point to them and say, "The Democrats are keeping you from getting your $2000!"
Mitch is the poison pill
&gt;every single senator that votes against it instantly creates a powerful argument for any challengers.

Most aren't up for reelection for 4 years, some of the remaining are retiring, some can do whatever they want and they'll still walk through the primary and general.  As long as there aren't more than 12 left after those categories, they have 41 votes.

Here's the kicker, absolute worst case scenario they tie 200 billion onto the deficit.  Not exactly a tough pill to swallow from the party that tacked on trillions with the tax bill 2 years ago.  Its really not a big loss for McConnell.
Can't we call the bluff, take the pill, poison and all, and then have Biden try to reverse the damage in 20 days?
Scenario 1: Dems block the bill and demand the extra amendments be taken out

Republicans run on a message that Democrats were just grandstanding and playing with their constituents when they really didn't care about actually getting them $2000. The Republicans wanted to do it, but the Dems wussed out. What a bunch of meanies!

Scenario 2: Dems pass the bill and swallow the poison pill

People get $2000. Republicans say "See! When it came to it, we were happy to give you your money! Bipartisanship, yay! We're not actually radical. All the Dems had to do was ask. Why didn't they ask sooner?" The internet is also now destroyed. No platform can allow user-generated content. Fox News and independent actors with huge legal teams (Donald Trump) increase their reach since they're the only ones that can take the risk. Viewpoints conflicting with moneyed interests are sued out of existence.

Mitch's genius is knowing how to turn a losing hand into a win-win scenario.
Several larger sites MIGHT go down for a bit. It would instantly be in court with the best lawyers money can buy  arguing for free speech. Its toothless. Fuck it, take the pill.
McConnell is actively trying to poison pill the $1400 bonus to get Democrats to vote against it, to give you some idea of how likely it is.

Mitch is terrified of a straight vote on $2000, so he's trying to obfuscate blocking it.
&gt;it litterally puts no liability to people hosting content.  
&gt;  
&gt;yoj take it away and facebook will trol all competitors withmlawyers to raise the bar to content.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;net neutrality is about freedom of content, and so is 230.

No, it isn't.  Net neutrality is dead, no matter how much you deny it.

Section 230 isn't about freedom of content; it is about making forums immune from certain laws that even news organizations must follow.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;buying into the spit bullshit to shoot yourself in the foot is dumb.

I agree; Republicans *are* doing that.  They think repealing 230 will stop them from being censored, when in reality it will require platform owners censor *more* dangerous content.  You won't have companies like reddit waiting years to take down places like The\_Donald, Incels, or JailBait after numerous instances of mass harassment and child porn sharing.  It shouldn't take a goddamn expose on CNN to take these places down.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;the repuhlicans would absolutely nuke 230.

Yeah, no shit; they are the ones asking for it.  But **so is Joe Biden.**  Do you believe companies should be immune from laws? Should we go ahead and pass that Republican poison pill which grants blanket immunity to employers that sent their workers into harm's way? Section 230 is a nearly no strings attached immunity and our current condition shows it needs to be ended.  Social media, under 230, has made this country objectively worse.  This isn't about censoring speech like "I don't like Bill."  That is still lawful speech.  It is about making platforms liable for illegal content, too, not just the people that post it.  Places like 4chan may take child porn more seriously if they are actually liable for it.
&gt; This most recent Bill has nothing except the stimulus payment.

Not anymore. The GOP is adding a bunch of gifts to Trump as a poison pill.
&gt;Do Republicans not realize that by repealing 230 hurts them more than they think? It’s literally a shot in the foot.

Your typical person doesn't even know what 230 is, so no.  I mean, just look in this comment section.  Even people who care enough to talk about don't have a fucking clue what it is, does, or what the internet could realistically look like post 230 because all they did was google Section 230 and lack years of understanding since they don't really give a shit about net neutrality and haven't been in the 'fight' at all.

&amp;#x200B;

Revoke 230 and reinstate net neutrality. Republicans won't let this happen anyway; McConnell will just filibuster his own poison pill like the last time Democrats called his bluff.
Why don't the Dems just amend that version, removing the poison pill and passing it yet again.

Sure it will go back and forth forever, with the House Dems passing a clean version and the Senate Republicans passing a poison version over and over.

But at least then the Dems:

A) Are doing the right thing

B) Look good doing it
But sh*thead McConnell injected a poison pill into the current bill to ensure it won’t pass.  Typical.
He's adding repeal of section 230 as a poison pill.
https://www.theverge.com/2020/12/29/22204976/section-230-senate-deal-stimulus-talks-checks
It's just a poison pill to kill it he doesn't want to pass anything
"Poison pill"
I get the reasoning for not repealing it so honestly I'm not mad at that. My anger resides solely on Mitch because this shouldn't even be part of the discussion right now. I'd bet good money he doesn't even give a shit about it and knows what the fallout would be but he needed a good poison pill and this was the best he has available. All because he doesn't wanna come off money to help the American people. So it's fuck him forever for that.
They aren't "adding stuff to it".

They are creating a new bill with similar language and the poison pill, hoping to ignore the bill the house passed and not vote on it.
The big thing that we're ignoring is that there is no "calling their bluff" anyways.

Mitch introduced this bill as a backup plan, a threat to get the Dems to just let him vote on the NDAA override.  Basically "Let the NDAA go through or I'll force you on record on THIS bill, not the other one.". Something that, if politics and Trump specific forced too hard on the next few days, he can let both Georgia GOP Senators vote yes for but won't pass and would have plenty of Dem opposition.

But the reality is you can't actually call his bluff: In order for the Dems to call that bluff, Schumer and his people would have to get the entire Dem caucus mostly on board voting for that bill.

Ignore that it's unlikely given so many won't do it, let's just assume he did manage it.

That would not be able to be done in secret.  Too many communications between too many Senators.  It just never could happen.

So Mitch would know.  He'd know they were going to force the GOP to be the ones to not pass it.  And he's not willing to pass it, he knows the damage it would do.

So he'd never bring it to a vote.  Just like the clean version from the House.  This is all political theater to appease what he told Trump he'd do ("start the process" on that legislation) and give himself an emergency backup plan if forced by Trump/his party.  He's not going to bring it to a vote if the Dems are going to vote for it.

So he'd sit on that bill too and let the time run out rather than look bad.  He's only going to let the NDAA override get a vote this week, and maybe his poison pill bill but only if he's sure Dems are going to vote against it.
The legislative process portion of what you said is right, sure, if we are talking about the omnibus spending bill’s yearly drafting. But no, the other portion is all wrong. McConnell’s introduced an entirely new piece of legislation so he could protect his lackeys ahead of the runoff. Yes, the house voted on a bill, but it was designed to die on arrival, hence the Dem calls to avoid a shut down. McConnell objected to the passed bill, which he has done in the past to get people on record. He literally reintroduced specifics out of it. Why? So one way or another someone has to swallow the poison pill. That someone however, will not be on his side of the aisle. Whether it’s Nancy or the party as whole—we will see
They don't. It's a poison pill McConnell is trying to use to get out of the corner Trump boxed him into.

That orange idiot will be 100% supporting this, and that's game over.
I appreciate the optimism. Unfortunately, I am not exaggerating at all.

The sites that you say will just have to verify accounts? They are going to shut down instead due to the number of lawsuits that will come their way while they attempt to review every single video, and probably miss one (and they will) and have to face liability for said video. It is easier to shut down and close up shop than to settle all those cases.

As for why Republicans want to repeal it, Trump wants to sue Twitter for labelling his tweets about election fraud as misleading and false. 230 is the only thing preventing him from doing so.

Repealing 230 isn't just a poison pill, it's a suicide bomb. I can't stress the magnitude of the potential consequences enough in this case.
I’m with you. There’s no way he’d let that shit go through. He’s pushing his chips all in and is holding a busted straight in his hand on the river. Fuck it. This would kill -  kill - every bit of social media, this site included, but it would be absolutely unenforceable and egregious. 

Fuck this bullshit that he thinks is a poison pill. It really will kill his own base and he’ll have to explain this away to every major dark donor he has.
I think the bluff here is "listen, we're fine playing chicken and blowing an actual hole in the economy - but are you?"

Biden takes a body blow without even taking office.

230 being repealed would instantly hit every media site there is -- and all at once. This isn't just Google, guys. This is any site that allows comments and registration. TripAdvisor will be dead, Yelp, Tom's Hardware, Quorra, news sites big and small, every single one, will shut the fuck down. Those with cash will fight, those who don't--because WE ARE IN A PANDEMIC--can't. So say nothing of product review sites, or Amazon comments.

Do we risk the whole goddann economy? 2,000 each won't do a lot when we're at 25% unemployment with nothing on the horizon to fix it.

This isn't a poison pill. It's a goddamn hydrogen bomb.
And then when Republicans make it even harder for people to vote over non-existent voter fraud claims, they can say "Hey, Democrats agree it's at least an issue.  Why else did they vote to have a commission to investigate it if it wasn't a problem?".  This is a poison pill for a reason.
He blocked it to add the repeal of section 230 as a poison pill. He couldn't add that on an immediate unanimous vote.
Yep - this was all a ploy to add the repeal of section 230 as a poison pill. One of two things happens now. 

Dems vote against it and it passes followed by the Republicans will saying the Dems didn't want the $2000 stimulus 

or 

It fails completely which is probably more in line with what Moscow Mitch wants.
Good point, it would probably be smart to do that if they can. And while they wait they should do an all out media blitz blasting McConnell and this poison pill bill.
I’ve played too many poker games to know that the Dems should call this bluff. 

Pass it, and reinstate 230 later, after all it will probably get held up in court. Mitch doesn’t want the 2k, that’s why he’s tying it up with this poison pill.
And now we know. McConnell attached the repeal of Section 230 as a poison pill which he couldn't do with a unanimous vote.
Seems like a weak poison pill to me. Republicans scream about freedom of speech more than anyone. If they pass this bill it'll hurt Republicans by alienating their voters. All of a sudden websites they post conspiracies on will be removing them en masse and it'll be a Republican bill that did it.
The Dems strategy should have been to broadcast McConnell’s next move.

Every Dem should have been talking to news outlets saying Mitch was going to poison pill the clean vote because Republicans don’t support struggling Americans. They could have framed this as Mitch doing something terrible but now Dems are on their heels.

Fucking amateurs.
Free speech is more important than money. If dems vote for a poison pill I will never vote dem again.
He doesn't. He wants to kill the $2000 stimulus checks. It's a poison pill.
I'm on board with call his bluff too. If Biden is going to be any kind of leader then he can fix or at least soften the blow later.

Plus you have GA to worry about, you don't want to be the party that kills the 2000 dollar checks. People are not going to get into the weeds enough to do the political calculus about the poison pill.
What poison pill?

Commission to investigate voter fraud? Go for it. It’ll just confirm (yet again) that there was no fraud.

Repeal of Section 230? Go for it! It’ll force all the social media sites to take responsibility for Trump’s ridiculous posts, effectively banning him and his ilk from the internet. If need be, reinstate in the next Congress.

This isn’t a difficult decision, Dems. Vote for it!
It's easy to add a poison pill. People all over the world do it yearly. Mitch just did what Trump told him. He is no genius: he capitulated.
That's exactly what he is doing. He's adding an unpassable repeal of section 230 to the vote. He completely defied everyone in the House by adding a rider to what was supposed to be a one-issue bill.

https://www.cnn.com/2020/12/29/politics/mcconnell-poison-pill-attached-to-bill/index.html
Absolutely. Repeal 230 and right-wing nutjobs won't have their online safe spaces anymore. Go ahead and investigate voter fraud more... they'll find nothing, but knock yourselves out.

Imagine Mitch's face when Dems pass his poison pill bill happily.
He's trying to poison pill it and pander to Trump at the same time.

This way he can kill the bill while making the Democrats look like the bad guys.  They should vote for it and then Biden reinstates it first opportunity.
&gt;It applies to literally every website. Including the comments section of The Hill, for example. It also protects you from getting sued for retweeting or forwarding an email.

This is a poison pill by corrupt scumbag Republicans to sink the $2,000 stimulus.
If Mitch adds the poison pill to repeal 230, and it passes doesn't it still need to go back to the House, which can then just send it back without 230 provisions, maybe even up the amount to 2,100 to then force the senate to respond again ( and keep it in the news which will hurt the GA senators)?
GOP complain endlessly about pork and non covid related addons  in the relief bill Democrats pas a simple stand alone bill dealing with one thing and one thing only. Rather than vote on it they add an unrelated item that will kill free speech on the internet as a deliberate poison pill . Now the GOP will lie and say see the democrat's are stopping the relief money. Pointing out that the republicans are willing to pass a bill that would kill free speech on the internet.
The poison pill, WTG idiot in half shell.
It's not just the fact that it's a poison pill that's clever.  He chose a poison pill that Trump specifically asked for.  It's not like Trump is going to acknowledge that his own idea is poison, so Democrats' ability to act like they're in agreement with Trump is weakened.
Funny how conservatives view helping Americans during a pandemic as a “poison pill” isn’t it?
McConnell is the Poison Pill if the 2 GA Republican Senators get reelected.
I'm curious as it's been a while since I looked at statutory procedures, but since this bill is different from the bill approved by the House (which only addressed the $2,000 payment), don't the two bills have to go to a conference committee and the differences have to be hammered out?  

Thus, this is either a McConnell poison pill or massive delay tactic.
They know it’s a poison pill that will destroy the US tech industry. They use it so Democrats can’t vote for it.
If Republicans were truly on board with this then they'd remove and replace Mitch with someone who wouldn't block the vote or insert a poison pill.  The Republicans' support for the $2000 stimulus payments is another of their usual bad faith theatrical performances that allows them to have their cake and eat it, too.

This entire rigmarole has been a festival of political theater.  Trump's demand was theater, contrived to ensure the contributions continue to flow into his bogus 2024 campaign chest and to exact some revenge on those he believes betrayed him.  The Democrats pretending Trump's demand was made in good faith was political theater, staged to score points with their base. Ditto the Republicans who struck the pose as decent human beings and 'supported' the $2K payouts.

When the curtain finally descends, working Americans will still be in the same dire straits.

But none of the players in this drama will have to worry about feeding their kids, or keeping a roof over their heads.

Fucking pathetic.
Don is fucking them on the way out, and save Mitch's brilliant strategic poison pill move, they have nothing but bland attacks because their base loves him. 

His finances are a mess, he's under investigation, and he has no allies. This is the Bukowski decision, does one fade away or take a couple jerks with him (figuratively)?
Yup, Anal leakage is real. Depending on his pill of choice, his pants may wind up looking like the paper they wrap deli sandwiches in.
Trump already signed the omnibus into law on Sunday. This bill is exclusively about increasing the checks from $600 to $2000.

The reason they asked for unanimous consent is because McConnell won't agree to schedule a proper vote on the increase, and if he does he is likely to try to package it into a new bill with stuff about elections and Section 230 which will kill it (a "poison pill").
It's a poison pill.  He's putting things in he knows won't pass the house so this will die.
It’s not that he’s blocking it entirely, it’s just been reported that I saw where McConnell putting a poison pill in it. He’s trying to attach the removal of protections for tech companies in it and also including some bullshit about election fraud investigations.

McConnell is a fucking parasite. This should be a clean vote, easy peasey. But fuck that, I guess.

Bernie is doing his best but it’s doomed to fail if McConnell has his way.
No. Not shroom form. Medically it is a pill containing binders and the pure extract.
McConnell is already working on an alternate bill tonight with a poison pill. He'll never allow a straight up vote on this bill with the added money. The Republicans and McConnell are shameless.

They're going to try to tie the $2000 to their stupid quest to repeal Sect. 230 and Trump's nonsensical fraud claims. To make it worse, they'll probably throw something like corporate liability protection in there too.  Then the Republicans will come back tomorrow and try to claim they were for it, knowing good and well there is no time to send it back to the House and a bad bill.
My god. I hope this doesn’t happen.

I’m expecting an alternate shitty scenario where McConnell just uses 230 Repeal as a stimulus poison pill to make Repubs look good for the GA Senate election.
&gt;That's really going to ~~throw a wrench into things~~ kill any hope for a $2,000 stimulus.

FTFY

That's a poison pill that Dems will not swallow.
Keep holding up the defense bill.  No poison pill is effective against that.
So whats the other side of the pill? The election fraud side. I don't understand what is tied there?
Trump did a nice little poison pill for the spending bill by demanding upped payments while fully aware Moscow Mitch doesn’t mind taking some heat while blocking it. Trump gets a little appreciation from his base while not actually doing anything for the country. The power Moscow Mitch has is unbelievable, completely breaks real governance
We ain't getting it. The GOP will poison-pill it by adding something rediculous like destroying free speech online, allowing employers to negligently murder their employees, or the systematic genocide of immigrants.
You are so, so wrong it makes me cringe. I'm aware you are using a throwaway to troll and that you probably don't care what this comment says.

If you don't want abortion, don't get an abortion. If you don't have a uterus, I don't see how this would likely impact you because it is not a choice you will ever need to make unless you are dealing with the pregnancy of a minor in your care.

No doctor is going to have a healthy, viable pregnancy go full term and decide perform an abortion for funsies.

A full term pregnancy is 37 weeks. That is 13 weeks, or just over three months difference. In terms you can possibly understand, it is a shorter time span between Election Day to Inauguration Day than it is for a pregnancy to go from 24 weeks (the new limit in MA without a doctor's medical judgement) to 37 weeks (full term).

I doubt that someone would put their body through the strain of pregnancy just to abort later. After 10 weeks, you can no longer take a pill. Sometimes people are unaware of their pregnancy or face physical, social and/or financial hurdles that do not allow them to do this before the 10 week mark.

The bill also allows unmarried 16 and 17 year olds to obtain abortions without parental/guardian consent. Before, they would have to go before a judge to obtain consent if their parent/guardian would not or could not consent.


From the actual bill:

Section 12N. If a pregnancy has existed for 24 weeks or more, no abortion may beperformed except by a physician and only if it is necessary, in the best medical judgment of the physician, to preserve the life of the patient, if it is necessary, in the best medical judgment of the physician, to preserve the patient’s physical or mental health or, in the best medical judgment ofthe physician, an abortion is warranted because of a lethal fetal anomaly or the fetus isincompatible with sustained life outside the uterus.
So we all agree that Mitch McConnell has got to go, right? This guy just overpowered the president, the House, and his own Senate, for what? To prove that he could?

The problem I see in America is that for all the evils our leaders commit, we keep them in power because they convince us that the other guys are worse. They abuse their supporters’ sense of comfort, taking advantage of their anxieties and paranoias by demonizing their opposition and letting their imaginations do the rest.

The hardest part is challenging their paranoia. When we condemn those whose anxieties have won through the encouragements of their party leaders, we reinforce their fears with our aggressions. The way we break through is by exposing the ignorant to reality with a gentle hand.

And look around- we all speak with such venomous superiority towards our abused neighbors- these fearful, deceived Americans.

I don’t believe Mitch is going anywhere as long as we continue to verbally attack his supporters. And that’s too big a pill for most folks to swallow. Once they condemn us, we’re just no good at being the better person.
until its litigated, day one by big tech, court issues injunction, and before case is resolved new term of congress can reinstate it

we cant let people continue to starve and go homeless because of this one poison pill, which again is a bluff by Republicans.
Fuck this is an important, but difficult, pill to swallow.

*DuffMan appears*
Sure. All they need to do is explain poison pill riders in 15 seconds while trying to undo decades of misinformation. 

Let's role play that out.

Here's the republican side:

RADICAL LEFT SOCIALISTS LIE AGAIN BY BLOCKING MONEY TO PEOPLE WHO NEED MONEY. 

Democrats response:

We wanted to give you money but when bills are put to a vote, congresspeople can attach riders to the bill that are in no way in the scope of the original bill but aren't something that can pass on their own but if enough people want the bill it was attached to to pass without either caring enough about the rider, benefitting directly from it or at least getting a favor to be called in later, they'll let it slide but in this case that rider is a really big deal that can actually conflict with one of the original ammendmets of the constitution. 

In an even 'it ain't perfect by a long shot, but we can fix it' country, the latter would fail miserably. Where we are right now? Even the republican response has too many words.
Only if the Senate majority leader allows the vote. Based on his speech he will allow it and probably tie it to a poison pill.
It was never going to pass anyways.  It was just going to put Republicans in a bad position.  Every Democrat should vote yes if McConnell use 230 as a poison pill.  Now it won’t pass but McConnell and the Republican caucus are on record as denying relief to Americans and protecting big tech companies from lawsuits.
Turtle wants to poison pill it and then claim Dems aren't playing ball. Shocking.
It isn't but it certainly is bizarre that anyone is allowed to refuse to hear a bill.  To me there should be an automatic obligation to vote on something passed by either the House or Senate.   Even a stipulation like 30 days to either vote on the unamended bill or 30 days to made amendments and then have a vote.  There should be an obligation to have a vote on things.  

Sure you will get lots of poison pill nonsense to get ugly votes for/against stuff on the record but I think I would rather have that than this nonsense of bills that sit and collect dust.
This is the second poison pill reference I’ve seen today. Is there something I missed??
&gt; “The Senate will begin a process," the GOP leader said. He said he plans to bring the president's demand for the $2,000 checks and other remaining issues “into focus.” 

He's trying to bundle in some kind of poison pill.
Yeah but the poison pill being attached is repealing section 230, which Trump wants more than anything. So that passing as is would be a win-win in his eyes.
McConnell found a way to "poison pill" the legislation for 2000 dollar checks that the House passed overwhelmingly. Republicans are going to create a legislation package that contains the 2000 dollar check legislation, an investigation into Trump's electoral fraud allegations, and a repeal of Section 230 that will actually force social media to censor all right wing voices off of their platforms to protect themselves from lawsuits. Democrats will obviously refuse to support the repeal of Section 230 and Republicans will have all they need to say "See? The "Do Nothing Democrats" blocked our attempt to give you 2000 dollar checks!"
McConnell found a way to "poison pill" the legislation for 2000 dollar checks that the House passed overwhelmingly. Republicans are going to create a legislation package that contains the 2000 dollar check legislation, an investigation into Trump's electoral fraud allegations, and a repeal of Section 230 that will actually force social media to censor all right wing voices off of their platforms to protect themselves from lawsuits. Democrats will obviously refuse to support the repeal of Section 230 and Republicans will have all they need to say "See? The "Do Nothing Democrats" blocked our attempt to give you 2000 dollar checks!"
Or if you know there will be a poison pill in it that will lead to it being killed by Dems.
"We could do a separate package with a poison pill. Then we can blame Democrats for it not passing"
A "poison pill" is usually a reference to an amendment to a bill that's intended to make the bill ineffective or ruin any chance it has a passing.
2/3rds of the Senate could invoke cloture to stop the filibuster. I don’t think Mitch has much of a choice here. He’s gonna try to poison pill the bill.
Say dems do bite the poison pill Moscow Mitch is giving,  would they be able to amend it later once Joe takes office or if the GOP loses Georgia?
He wants those liability protections. All about the poison pill, baby!
This is McConnell's poison pill. He knows he can't win on the issue so he's going to poison the well. He knows this will never pass. What a dick.
They want to attach poison-pill legislation to reframe the Democrats as the bad guys. Fortunately, I don't think it will work - especially if Democrats keep hammering home the idiocy of attaching unrelated "pork" to a stimulus bill.
No. That was, at least, approved by both chambers, and eventually signed by Trump. This was just a stand alone bill to increase the 600 to 2000. As others have pointed out, Mitch will poison pill it and then blame the Dems.
I can see them attaching some poison pill to it and say "see, democrats want you to be poor" after the fact.
It’s a poison pill fuck them Georgia! FUCK THEM. I hope ossof goes agro on this.
McConnell is probably going to attach some poison pill legislation to the $2,000 checks that is so toxic that the Democrats will feel obligated to vote against them. That way, he can say that he put the bill on the floor for a vote, but it was rejected.
The GOP will put some poison pill like repealing 230 in with the $2k so Dems vote against it, and then the GOP will blame the left for not getting this done. We've seen it a billion times before, no one will be surprised, and conservatives will continue to live in their alternate reality where emotions trump reason and facts don't matter. The $2k will never happen despite millions of Americans desperately needing it.
Not so fast, [Graham seems to think he's gotten Trump to link Sec. 230 reform to the stimulus payment](https://twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/1342637767281565696). If he can get Trump to hold the line on that one then it could be the poison pill Republicans need to spin this as failure being the Democrats’ fault.
McConnell will poison pill it if he brings it up.  Something like it being a counted as taxable income or being an advanced refund.
The GOP do have one other option. They could add a poison pill (say, an amendment to put trump on Mt Rushmore), then blame the democrats for voting against the $2,000.
Blyat you found me out! *chews on cyanide pill* 

For.....the....motherland!🤮😵
I happened to be watching the congressional livestream when I saw that AOC apparently voted no to overturning the veto on the military spending bill. Did I take a crazy pill or can someone explain that?
You can’t mandate morality. That’s why prohibition didn’t work. Legalize regulate tax it and less jail populations for pay down the deficit. Frees up police for more violent crime and crime solving w more time for continuing education. It’s a win win and I have not even mentioned medical benefits. One of the reasons it has not been legalized is drug companies do not want it legalized to take away from their pill sales. Go figure. What can marijuana really help or cure if properly studied. Think about that. Maybe a cure for cancer Alzheimer ptsd seizures. We already know it does help some medical conditions already. ✌️
No, we banded together to stop a fascist. Moderates are palatable for progressives, Moderate left and moderate right. 

Progressives are palatable for progressives. Welcome to the harsh reality of a 2 party system. A hard pill to swallow for most
Because he doesn’t want the $2000. It a) makes him look good, and b) is a poison pill meant to kill *any* aid in the end. It’s a double positive for Trump, mixed for Mitch, and infinitely cruel to the rest of us.
Joe Biden (and Trump, and plenty of other legislators) having no idea what they're talking about when it comes to the internet doesn't really change the fact that this would likely be a poison pill, it would be an addition that would almost certainly not be agreed to by enough legislators to pass. It's just a notable one right now because Trump recently foolishly demanded it be added to something completely unrelated as pork to personally please Trump. 

This also doesn't change the fact that Democrats have been willing (and many have been pushing) to increase the stimulus checks, and have now passed many bills to do just that. It's entirely on Republicans in the Senate and Trump. It is pretty likely that they try to add something that will be rejected so they can keep trying to blame Democrats... even though they were creating bills that offered no stimulus checks.
Trump wants the second two things and doesn’t care about the first: the $2,000 checks.  He is calculating that Dems will have to vote for such a bill that includes revocation of Sec 230 (which is shortsighted and would likely backfire resulting in Trump not being able to use Twitter or social media like he has) and to begin some bullshit investigation into non-existent voter fraud.  Here’s the play, the second two parts are the poison pill as he sees it.  Dems will likely not vote for revocation or investigation, which will allow him to say that they care more about covering up the rigged election than they do actually helping the American people.  That’s his calculation, in my humble opinion.  Problem is that McConnel doesn’t want to touch a $2,000 payment.  

When you look at it through the lens of: what’s best for Trump, things make sense.  He does not give a shit about America or the people.
It's a bitter pill to swallow, but we need losers like him to demonstrate to their loser followers that virus=bad and vaccine=good. It's in our best interest to vaccinate the deniers, particularly because they don't follow proper mask protocols.
&gt;Can’t the Dems place a second poison pill that wouldn’t be tenable for Republicans to vote for?

They did. It was called "$2000".
Joe Biden said Section 230 should be removed immediately in January of this year. New York Times interview.  
  
But muh Republican poison pill lol
The latter outcome worries me a bit, but the poison pill is essentially the same as adding the bill to the pile. Usually people are not aware enough to pay attention to a poison pill. However, with this much money on the line people are going to be watching this real closely-and if they do destroy it the Dems probably win GA and the Senate can pass it then.
It's a catch-22:

Add a poison-pill, and say "see? Democrats want you to starve and get evicted!" for the next two weeks before the Georgia election.

Don't add one, the bill passes and is signed, and say "See! You don't need two more Democrats, we'll work with Biden on things that *really* matter" and then never advance a bill again until 2024. 

Fuckers.
I think there is not a section 230 rider, or anything else, on what the House passed.  (The Dem-controlled House has no interest in the other stuff Trump said he wants.)

I'm unclear on whether the Senate could ADD riders to this standalone bill, though.  

If they can, expect that.  I believe it would have to go back to the House for approval?  In which case, it puts the Dems in a bad position.

If the GOP in the Senate can add a rider, that is the ONLY reason I would expect them to pass this bill.  (Unless they're more scared about GA than I think.)  Right now the bill puts the GOP in a bad position.  Daring the Dems to reject their own bill because of poison-pill additions would be something Mitch would love to do.
Prediction: The Senate will add a poison pill like repealing Section 230 or keeping names of confederates (they don't deserve a capital "c") on base names and then blame Democrats for voting against the $2,000 stimulus.

You watch.
Can the senate republicans poison pill this?
Graham supports it as long as it includes the repeal of section 230. That's the poison pill they're going to include.
Ahh. I finally get it. Section 230 is supposed to be the poison pill that prevents the $2K stimulus checks from happening. So even if something like that passes the senate, it will only pass because they'll bet Pelosi won't vote against 230.
All pill mill doctors are in it for the money but not all doctors that are in it for the money are pill mill doctors. I think I made a very clear distinction between the two. Anaesthesiologists and Radiologists, for example, don't particularly "help" people in the sense you're talking about. They administer anaesthesia and look at medical scans to diagnose patients, respectively. They do one thing really well that isn't particularly intensive in a work environment but are very lucrative professions because what they do is still important in a broader context. Helping people in some way is still part of the MO but a lot of people get into those fields because it's easier relative to other medical specialties and it makes them a lot of money at the same time. Conflating them with pill mill doctors is disingenuous because those people aren't interested in participating in illegal activity even if money is their primary motovator. The context of what you were saying was doctor's salaries being capped through insurance rates to save money is a good thing because it weeds out the people that are only in it for the money. I disagree because I think you're over-simplifying people's motivations to justify a policy choice that will most certainly negatively affect physicians, even if only in a way that seems trivial to you.
You said that doctors only doing it for the money is an asset to society. What do you think pill mill doctors are in it for?
Even if doctors like that actually exist, a physician that can still do their job well even if they were only doing it for the money is still an asset to society, not a liability. If they become a liability then they get sued for malpractice. Hell, you can be an excellent doctor and still get slapped with a frivolous malpractice suit. If they're one of those pill mill doctors then capping their salary through insurance rates wouldn't do anything to stop them because most of them make their money from cash payments that aren't factored into their salaries.
He also railed against drug users for years. Then he got caught doctor-shopping for his pill addiction. That's 2 instances I can recall from memory-- probably a lot more, lol
Can’t the Dems place a second poison pill that wouldn’t be tenable for Republicans to vote for? Something like making it **monthly**?
Yeah, we don’t have health care just a Doctor who works for money over care. You might say that’s not true but when you look at opioids I see drug dealers. Yeah okay some do really good yet they still want thousands at the end of the day. 

Now it’s not the doctors fault, well the pill pushing is, it’s the system. 
Two solutions 
*Deregulation of the need of doctors and get nurses to do the work at people’s homes. This will lower the initial cost due to less infrastructure.  
*Universal health care. Removes the motive to use sick people as piggy banks.
Attaching a poison pill to good legislation so they can blame the Dems is standard Republican ratfucking.
Correct me if I’m wrong but wasn’t Mitch holding out for a liability shield for employers who cause you to catch covid due to lax conditions? 

Pretty sure he dropped that just like pelosi dropped the higher payments and state funding. To get those things Mitch would have insisted on the poison pill of endangering workers. So all 3 were dropped. Now democrats are pushing to at least get a little more money in the hands of the people and it’s mostly republicans who have stood in the way. Let’s not pretend Pelosi is some evil corporatist in all this or the only person who was standing in the way of resolving this months ago.
Mitch got his $600 checks. That's probably enough to ensure he's bought Perdue's seat, and that's all he needs. 

There isn't nearly enough time to pursue a bigger check and use it to any political advantage. Best for Mitch is to tie the bigger check to a poison pill like repealing section 230, and/or "election fraud", and then blame Dems for not passing it.... they can get that done as early as today. 

Mitch gave up a Trump shit show really in GA on the 4th.... by the time people figure out how horrible he was they'll have already voted so minimal damage done.  

Let's see, Mitch also came to grips with the reality that he can't control his caucus, so he's apparently stepping aside to let the circus take over on the 6th. It'll be embarrassing, but he's got two years to fix the damage, and he'll have a nice list of GOP Senators that will self identify as, "I'll never sit on an important committee as long as I live."
I'm more concerned about whatever they put together on "voter fraud". You know they'll make it a poison pill somehow.
Dont worry, theyll be sure to slap a poison pill on it, then pass it back to the house where it is  voted down.  Now Republicans can blame dems for stopping the $2000.

Nothing gets done except American workers lives continue to get shittier.

Round and round we go.
The senate will vote YES on the bill, but only after attaching some sort of poison pill into that will force the House to vote NO during reconciliation.  The senate needs to vote YES in order to help the election in GA.  It's easy to vote YES on a bill that you know won't pass.
the house already scheduled a vote on the $2K.  The Senate wants the two GOP senators from GA to get re-elected, so they need to pass the bill as well.  BUT, what the GOP REALLY wants is to vote no on the bill AND make it the democrats' fault.

The easy answer is to attach a poison pill to the bill in the Senate, so that they can vote YES on the bill, but when it gets sent to the negotiating table so that both parts of congress can work out the differences between the two houses, the House will vote NO on the bill.

That's easy.  The Senate just needs to add ANYTHING that democrats hate and the House will refuse to sign it.  It really could be anything. To be on Brand for the republicans, I am guessing it will be the BS that trump put in his signing statement for the bill he just signed.  Some bullshit about repealing section 230 of the communications act, making sure confederate military bases keep their names, starting up some kind of election fraud commision that tries to make trump the president again.  Really anything will do.  They just need something that will make the House vote NO. 

On election day in GA, the two GOP senators can say "we voted YES to give every american another $2K, but the democrats voted NO"

The democrats might try to fight this by including some other poison pill that would force the Senate to vote NO.  But, I doubt that will happen.
You know. You might have a point with the drug addicts. I wonder if the insanity were seeing with Trump cult members is due to meth use, fentanyl, and prescription pill abuse.

Plus the lead poisoning.
If you read Trump's signing statement, he claims the Senate is going to vote to repeal Section 230, open investigation into voter fraud, and increase stimulus to $2,000

Don't be surprised if the Senate's vote on $2,000 stimulus checks is tied to something crazy to make it a poison pill for the House.
At this point, the senate will offer their own version, with two poison pill amendments, and the house will offer the standalone, and neither will pass the other house.
&gt; But there are still many right leaning establishment type democrats that would vote against things like this.

This legislation is popular among Democrats and Republicans alike. Mitch's desk operates to keep Republicans from having to vote at all on these popular-yet-unprofitable bills. His seat is safe, so he takes the heat. 

It's possible the Democrats would do something similar and not let it come to a vote. And if it does come to a vote, there's a good chance a poison pill will be added to give Senators something to tell constituents why they are voting against it. But we have to keep trying to do the right thing.
That's what I'm trying to figure out. Is this 'Impoundment Control Act of 1974' an actual thing he can do? Did he just poison pill this bill? I can't even...
Toomey? The "lemme shove a poison pill into the omnibus as i'm retiring" Toomey?
&gt;If they wanted to present a bill just saying give the American people that money, they could have done it instead of grandstanding

They did.  MULTIPLE TIMES. The House passed STANDALONE BILLS for a stimulus, multiple times this year.  This is where we ended up because Mitch McConnell, as Senate majority leader, gets to dictate what the Senate votes on.  He's had numerous bills on his desk with stimulus packages of multiple shapes and sizes.  He refuses to even bring them to a vote in the Senate.

This being tied to the omnibus was the result of negotiations.  This was part of the GOP terms for passing it.  They don't WANT a stimulus, they don't like social programs and safety nets.  They want less of them and will spend the next four years, under a democrat President, trying to roadblock and demand less socialized benefits, lower taxes, and debt austerity.

This was the *only* way it was getting through right now, by appeasing the GOP.  Attaching it to that package allowed them to call it the stimulus while passing all the GOP demands (also a bunch of Dem ones, plenty of pork there too, as it's a yearly spending bill full of deals and negotiations over thousands of things).  They attached it to this because it serves mostly as a cover in the media for everything else in there.

&gt;The way you guys tell it, it's through a lens of delusion.

No, it's politics.  This is pure politics in D.C. if not all over the world.  You want something? You make deals for it. That's how they work, and there NEEDS to be limits and rules to prevent this crap.

But is right now the moment, with so many suffering and things getting worse with this pandemic, the moment to try to change it all? The stimulus package also included a fuck ton of money to fund vaccination efforts - efforts that will get stalled out if we don't fund them.  That is also, by design, in there so that it's a poison pill to *not* pass it.

If this bill doesn't get signed in the next just over 29 hours, the government is shutdown.  Not only do we get no new aid, no increased unemployment benefits, no funding for vaccine efforts, but we get even less as funding expires for existing programs during a shutdown and millions of government employees won't get paid.

It's why they pass this crap together.  Because it's "must pass" and, while you may be willing to stomach the damages that not passing it will cause, I'm not.  Press harder during times when the need isn't so dire, like in six months.
I would say it's solidly the blue pill - a world of fantasy in order for things to make sense and to feel at least a little bit in control, all the while being controlled by overlords.

There's no end of irony that the red pill / blue pill thing was originally conceived by two trans women and all these right wing types are using their analogy despite being virulently anti-trans themselves
"Prohibitively expensive" means the current accounting system forcecasts we will hurt the profits of existing industries, and has no data to forecast growth from nonexistent industries.

Do the math = "100 years from now you could have had 100 gallons of ice cream for dessert if we had not taxed today's ice cream suppliers, and there is no way to calculate the value of the pill that prevents cancers."  Plain speaking = "Yeah we all know what's going on, but that knowledge does not convert to a monetizable strategy on the trading floor."

Sarcastic?  Not laughing.  Given the choice I would prefer a monetizable strategy so I could laugh all the way to the bank.
It can be a really tough pill to swallow. Your comment does remind me of a joke though:

What do you call some who speaks three languages? Trilingual.

Two languages? Bilingual.

One language? American.
It's hard. Fucking real hard. I grew up not thinking my family was racist. I heard racist jokes and sung alone with the worst David Allen Coe. I thought " it's just humor, it's no biggy". Then around 18 I stopped and realized eh probably shouldn't do that. But then around that time I started to slip into Red Pill territory. It wasn't until around 2012 and age 25 that I realized that shit was dumb too. I started looking hard at my life and that of my family. Internet helped. Got exposed to left and liberal people. At that between 2006 and 2012 I was a "centrist atheist". Now I'm a hard progressive and I realize I was brought up in bigotry and hate and it took 25 years to break that cycle. Now I'm 32 and can't look at my family the same anymore.
The question becomes, what's that elusive CATALYST... that enables one to have the epiphany that the foundation of distortions &amp; falsehoods taught over so many years is now suspect &amp; must be excised, replaced with a more balanced, fair, and sensible truth? 

There must be more than one type of catalyst. But we need to find out what it is. The QAnon people say they've taken the "red pill," but in reality it's the "purple pill." Some crazy alternate reality that utilizes some truths but then interweaves them with toxic falsehoods from conspiracy tenets.
The Constitution actually specifies that no future amendment can change the equal nature of states’ representation in the Senate. That’s one of the only things that can never be changed via amendment. Making slavery legal again or allowing dogs to vote via amendment? Perfectly fine! Giving California more seats in the Senate than Wyoming? Not possible even if the votes were there.

It’s becoming increasingly clear that this design flaw in the Constitution, which did not foresee the concentration of the future U.S. population into just a few cities, is a poison pill that’s sewn the seeds of the republic’s decline.

We need a brand new constitution to fix it, and that can only be written after a civil war.
If you read the article I posted below, it shows that the median fortfeiture is only ~$500. 

So yeah, the cops pill this shit on the average Joe &amp; Josephine, not the wealthy.
For him, impunity is solved with a blue Pfizer pill.
Trump wanted this to happen. which is why he deliberately inserted the $2000 demand as a poison pill he knew Republicans would never go for, or even half of that, literally only after the bill had already been passed
What about slipping his hooker mistress an abortion pill? Does Biden have any people who have done that?
To be fair - while the ultra rich do have leaps and bounds more advantage and control - let’s not forget they are not the ones screwing us directly. 

We are being screwed by our politicians (the lesser rich), a hand fully of super rich (sub billion) and a ton of the poor. 

While the ultra rich benefit from poor enforcement, poor regulation, etc. It’s your fellow countryman and the working poor who ensure they remain in power. 

They buy cheap Walmart crap and become indentured servants because it’s “cheap” while overlooking the environmental and social impacts. 

They vote for deregulation because it “helps small business” but fail to realize that small businesses get crushed by poor regulation enforcement as big players can put maneuver them 100% of the time. 

We push for cheap money and direct stimulus, not realizing that cheap easy money fuels stock market bubbles and eventual inflation that hit the poor much harder. 

Until we as a people realize our votes mater and that the people and policy’s have to be better than sound bytes - we are going to continue to slide. 

We need butter medicine- and no political entity wants to make you take it now because people won’t vote for it. People want the simple “fix all pill” that doesn’t exist. 

Yes the rich will exploit this. Yes the rich will push you in a direction but the problem isn’t the rich. It’s all of us. Europe has rich people and yet they are not beholden to the same abuse. 

Our under appreciation and investment in science, critical thinking, civics, and rational discourse are what led is here. We have an elite who believe and are making the right moves - many becoming the rich so many hate. The ones left behind are the ones who undervalued education at early stages (either personal childhood, at the community or state level. Etc). 

The only solution isn’t this class warfare we see on Reddit. Giving the poor the resources without the tools isn’t going to make a difference. Taking from the rich without guardrails in place for future abuses will just lead us back to where we are. The true solution is to realize we are all in this together and we need to realize we are getting lapped on the world stage. It’s not rich Americans vs poor Americans. 

Take a look and you will see the anti mask anti covid, anti vaccine, flat earth movements are growing. The hate groups (name your choice) are growing. The denial of reality is growing. 

We can’t have nice things unless you reach out and fix or remove these people.
How do I get un-woke after reading this? I can't handle it. Give me the blue pill!
When I was 13 or so I got an battery powered pill shaver for sweaters as one of my only gifts. I was pretty bummed at the time, but I still use that dang thing 30 years later.
I saw a bog pill and was shocked to see it rated 2 behind Christmas as 1. Euro was consistently last.
Revlimid is essentially thalidomide for 197 a pill.

Multiple myeloma?

Read up on the MD Anderson studies of turcumin.
That’s a comfort to me, a cancer patient who has to keep working into my sixties so my health insurance doesn’t stop.  The monthly bottles of $1000 per pill Revlimid might be reduced from $18,000 to maybe $12,000 a month.
The 2016 election was interesting in that it did unveil a clear insecurity in Americans.  In the coal workers, they were offered jobs programs, training, tools to transition as you say.  They didn't want to change and face uncertainty. They didn't want things to remain the same and face poverty. They wanted a magic pill to change the world to make it value them more.

I asked some Trump voter I knew and even strangers on reddit "why Trump".  The lower income people all said the same thing.  (Paraphrasing here) "The country is changing.  My skills have less value.  Foreign workers take less pay and I get less as a result. Foreigner move into my town and take over parts changing it, making me feel like a stranger where I grew up".  

It was different words, but the same with everyone I asked who cared to give a sincere answer.  Trump promised a tomorrow that looked like the yesterday where they were more relevant. One where people would not make them feeling bad for feeling that it was someone else's fault for their problems.

There is something there beyond just ignorant racism (still racism is embedded in it though).  Casting change as something that will carry them forward and not leave them behind, I think, is the message Democrats need to bring to the table.  Also find ways to bridge the fear of moving from a secure, but failing industry to something new.  It's not even off brand from Progressive values.  Just need to realize that progressives use plural pronouns (we, us), conservatives use singular (I, me).  Any message crossing the ideological divide needs to speak of individual benefit, not only societal benefit.

Now for the well off right-wing it's taxes and fear of social change where their voice is lessened by the outsiders (same insecurity based racism with a slightly different context).

At least, that's my take.  The willful ignorance and hatred of science and education is a whole other matter.
You're entire argument falls apart with this simple fact:

*The only reason Covid relief is being attached to the omnibus bill is because of Republicans.*

The decision was entirely by Senate Republican leadership. Democrat leadership has already passed singular legislation. 

Republicans bitching about the omnibus bill being a poison pill *that the Republicans are responsible for* is truly peak conservatism.
During the Oregon fires a lot of trump supporters were convinced “Antifa” was driving around rural Oregon starting fires. No possible way it could be the insanely dry climate, high east winds, and lightning that were all at extreme levels that week. 🙄 Reality is a tough pill to swallow for some.
I'm conflicted, as having the jobless aid is a critical need, but there is the copyright poison pill loaded into this bill. I'd like to see the definition of jobless expanded to include those who need basic income and provide them the needed benefits instead of blanketing even those of us that don't need stimulus checks with extra money that we just sock away because the bill will be coming due someday.
The GOP acting like they would personally have to be standing right next to the boxes whenever a ballot is to be dropped so it can't be open ALL the time. 

I am honestly surprised at this point that they haven't just come right on out and just said they don't want certain colors of people and certain economic levels of people to be allowed to vote because it would kill their chances of winning and that wouldn't be fair. 

There needs to be a pill someone can take to reset their shame meter.
Sure but what you dont see are all the voters in deep red areas absolutely ravaged by CV and are calling on their Reps to vote for the $2000 package. I listen to am radio here in Trump town every day, and people are calling in to beg for action in this cash. The Republican Reps are feeling the heat for reals, it's more than a poison pill, Trump knows MAGA wants the cash, he knows Mcconnells people want the cash.
This is a really underhanded ploy by Trump, he doesn’t want the economy to start improving a couple weeks before he leaves office. Why set Biden up in a better situation when all he cares about is himself. He knows Republicans won’t ever go for 2000, so it’s obviously just a poison pill for folks to get nothing. Really surprised more people aren’t understanding this
Exactly. Anybody that’s been unfortunate enough to spend time around a pill junkie can spot that shit from a mile away.
Because we are all alcoholics and pain pill addicts automatically... then they start ruling it out. Try and tell a doctor what your symptoms are and you get treated like a fucking moron by some salty entitled child-acting professional. It doesn't help when insurance companies and hospitals won't let them try and figure it out. We get, "Take these 2 tylenols and call a specialists." Cool, I didn't really want to know what is wrong with me for *ANOTHER* six months.... Fuck America's healthcare system. It's a fucking failure. And I am talking about the POLITICS/RED TAPE of it not the COMPASSION/QUALITY OF CARE of a lot of healthcare workers.
Can confirm. Grew up around alcoholics and drug addicts. 
There's a stark difference on how someone acts while addicted to drugs/and high vs how they act when they're an alcoholic and drunk. I was thinking that her behavior aligns more with a pill addict than an alcoholic - possibly both, but..🤷🏾‍♀️
For the record, I don't think Mellissa Carone was drunk at this committee. My x-wife was a severe alcoholic, and alcoholics act differently than Mellissa Carone. That is not to say that I believe Mellissa Carone was 100% not under the influence of anything.

It is clear to me, the vast majority of people don't spend enough time around alcoholics and people addicted to pills, which, is a good thing, and says something about my life that I can acutely tell the difference.

Because, gun to my head, if I had to guess, it seems obvious to me that Mellissa Carone is a pill addict, most likely benzos, but opiates are not completely out of the question, she could have also been "barred out," on Xanax bars, crushed up and snorted. 

It might have even been possible she had a small amount of alcohol that was strengthened many fold by the pills she was on, but I never thought her behavior was one of an alcoholic. Her demon is pills, and my guess of which pills goes in this order, benzo-Xanax-opiates.
Better than the little blue pill?
You say I have a garbage opinion but I’m the only one who has a clear view of what’s reality and not plain delusional. I’m not one to swallow lies and I stand for truth and justice. Not the blue pill that’s being shoved down people’s throats and they are leading people as sheep to slaughter. Trump is President and will remain as such.
The best method of dealing with climate change, or for that matter, any issue before Congress - is to require a single issue per vote, no omnibus bills, no riders, and require a representative who wishes to vote to be present for a full reading of the bill before the chamber. This eliminates the excuse of voting against a good bill because of a poison pill rider, and the "I didn't know what was in it" excuse. The last best step forward would be a requirement of each representative to maintain an easily accessed record of how they voted, or whether they voted on every piece of legislation. Accountability of their time spent in office should be as important as the finances.
That democrats don’t support this and that also Biden winning the election is a proof of policy mandate rather than what he campaigned on: I am the easiest to swallow pill for conservatives on this stage.
My mom is a late boomer (59) she's been with her employer for around 35 years. When she started I don't know that there was such a things as a 401k, she had a pension based on years of service. In the 90s her employer offered a 401k. After the 2008 crash (might have been after Enron) her employer rolled the pension funds into 401k (the pension requirements became stricter and less financially sustainable for most companies).

Point is most boomers didn't have a 401k to contribute to for most of their careers. Some of the larger companies kept the pension funds, though most stopped building them. For most this was a pay cut by way of a cut in benefits.

If you worked for 20 years building up a retirement without contributing a dime because you had a pension, is a hard pill to swallow that you would start contributing to your own retirement through 401k.
Lmao I wasn’t a pill watcher. I was a voter and I looked over. I wanted to see what was happening and that’s what was seen
I’m not going to fuck off for speaking the truth. Sorry that it hurts your feelings bucko - truth is usually a hard pill to swallow.
No I don’t overestimate their intelligence because the entire country is enmeshed in these beliefs. Even minority communities that live experiences of oppression still chase financial security at the detriment of their value systems. 

They understand the impacts of disenfranchisement and many will turn around and utilize the power they’ve gained to oppress their own (and others). It’s an issue of values. 

For the conservative base, they are willing to make decisions which are counter to their own wellbeing because it disenfranchises another group of people. The mental gamesmanship you’re seeing was constructed during chapel slavery in this country.  

Quiet as it’s kept their were white people who were indentured servants alongside African slaves. They, the white indentured worker and the black slave, began running away together. The white master realized that they couldn’t have their workers revolting and working in concert together. So they utilize situational conditioning to program the white “slaves” into believing that they were better and apart than the black slaves. 

This way, they’d believe they were fundamentally different, in this case better, and stop working with them. This formed the fundamental attitudes you’ve witnessed persevere in American society today. It’s the backbone of the “temporarily embarrassed millionaires” philosophy. 

This explanation is a drilled down extrapolation of the defenses a group of people will rely upon to deny an inalienable truth: they are slaves too. This is why, white supremacy groups persist so heavily in impoverished white communities. 

When you look at the issue of police brutality and how it disproportionately impacts people of color, while supporting impoverished whites, you’re seeing the system at work. One hand washing another to further an agenda: an all class collusion. 

What the enlightened leaders began to understand ( Martin Luther King, et. Al) was that the issue was an economic one not a race issue. Conservatism, racial constructs, all of these are instruments of control. Leaders say the right things to stoke the fires of the internalized defenses of a group of people to control them! 

As the matrix says, there are people so ingrained in the system that they will fight to protect it. Why do you think Neo has to make the choice or the red pill versus the blue pill!? What was the movie a metaphor for!? It’s a choice! They aren’t idiots, they are WILLFULLY ignorant.
Could they not create another bill that only includes the $2000 benefit? Pure and simple--no changes or additions. No pork or poison pill arguments.
The intellectuals will tell the people what they need to hear, the morons will tell them what they want to hear.  Much smaller pill for some people to swallow.
Of course, but McConnel would then put a poison pill in and still vote against it when it comes to the senate floor
Kinda what Spiritual is saying:

There exists an inconvenient reality where 'your guys' don't want to give you what you want and what they say they want, but they can say it because they know it can't be done.  They can put a cyanide pill in any bill, and blame the other guys.

I don't quite subscribe to that reality, I still think there are folk in there doing their best, but 'a stimulus that keeps us fed, sheltered, and safe then trickles up and pays for itself' could be the left's 'repeal and replace'.
The twist is going to be the Republicans insert a bunch of poison pill bullshit the Dems will never agree to along w/ the $2000, and so when the Dems "flip flop" and say they won't support the bill the Republicans will say "see? It's them holding it up, they don't want you to have the money even after we compromised and gave in to their demands"
Jesus was a socialist, a hard pill to swallow for Christian Conservatives.
If anyone is in need of an abortion or contraception, here's some information I've collected. 

[aidaccess.org](https://aidaccess.org/) offer online consultations and will send out abortion pills by mail in the US, which are effective if you're less than 10 weeks pregnant. [womenhelp.org](https://womenhelp.org) offer a similar service in the US and internationally. And of course [Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/) is an invaluable resourse. The [National Network of Abortion Funds](https://abortionfunds.org/need-abortion/)
connects US people who need abortions to local funds that can help with the procedure through payment, transportation, childcare and other logistics issues.

[womenonweb.org](https://www.womenonweb.org/) do the same outside America. In the UK [bpas.org](https://www.bpas.org/abortion-care/abortion-treatments/the-abortion-pill/remote-treatment/) and several other providers will offer consultations on the NHS and send the abortion pill by mail.

And  [here is a list](https://www.bedsider.org/features/851-how-to-get-birth-control-delivered-right-to-your-door) of places that will do birth control online and by mail in the US, including "morning after" pills which can still be effective [3-5 days after sex](https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/contraception/emergency-contraception/).

I hope nobody needs these services, but its important people know about them if they do.
Lol I only watched the first season or two. They lost me after the whole “take a pill and become a lobotomized zombie” plot line.
Colorado is the best example I know of for implementing better education as well as easy and ready access to contraception: https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/
They can't actually "amend" a bill the way president fugazi is demanding.  They can pass a new bill that just has the $2K payments in it, and that's what the Ds have said they will pass today.

Rs could still add a poison pill, but it would really stand out since the new bill only has the $2K payments in it.
That's the point, he is using his veto as a poison-pill.  He doesn't want the $2000; and McConnell negotiated with dems in bad faith because he knows Trump would veto anything. This way, they can all pretend to be working hard to come to a deal, when the republicans really just want to salt the earth and sabotage the economy.
The old "Bitter Water". The morning after pill for ancient desert people.

&gt; Numbers 5:11-31

"and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse."

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Numbers%205:11-31&amp;version=KJ21

" And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels to make thy belly to swell and thy thigh to rot. And the woman shall say, “Amen, amen.”
Oh, this sh#tshow isn't over by a damned sight. Inauguration Day is a long ways away. First I suspect he will seek the military to enforce martial law and when they tell him to go piss up a rope he will fire his base up (the goon boys) and militia types and such. Likely the police will side with him, at least rural sheriffs. 

It's going to get more crazy before it gets better, regardless. I'd be surprised if he actually goes to Florida this week in fear of that they change the locks while he's gone let alone clean his room. I'm confident he is a hoarder, Big Mac wrappers and empty pill bottles and half-full of pee Diet Coke cans.
It was part of a compromise since that was a poison pill.
Funny thing is there not fully against birth control, just outside birth control. 

A Catholic buddy of mine was getting married and his now wife and him were taking classes at the church they were going to be married at. 

The nuns taught her how to test her fluids to see if she was ovulating and if she did want a baby to not have sex when her ph levels were around a certain number. 

So monitored birth control is good, a pill is not.
"Because Ivanka didn't get her pony."

They wanted her womens organization enshrined in US diplomacy. She didn't get it, because of the women's health poison pill, so the entire bill was scuttled by the White House.

I'm happy that Dems refused it on principle, but sad that our State Department may have to wait another two decades for these needed fixes, like requiring Senate approval for Special Envoys.
Didn't a bunch of Republicans have to go back and change their vote 'no' on a different poison pill bill because all the Democrats opted to abstain?
i can't be the only person in the room who thinks this is a poison pill, has zero chance of passing even with the gun-to-the-turtle-head approach, without equal monies for things democrats got into the bill that was passed all being removed.  

the only way we get a bill this year, is that Congress overrides the veto, passes the bill, tells trump to fuck off and go to dustbin of history / jail after leaving office humiliated.
2020 is crazy so anything could happen, but I’m not so sure the $2000 payment is happening. The negotiations were brutal and long, if that does get negotiated I’m confident republicans will ask for a poison pill, which Democrats will have to reject.
This is false.  “Single item bill” can contain all that.  

What we have with $600 is an omnibus bill.  Essentially it’s a poison pill legislation designed to bury things that shouldn’t gets passed (dumb copyrights, corp bailouts, martini lunches apprently) in things that needs to be passed (COVID relief, govt funding, etc).  Kinda fucked either you pass it or not.  It should absolutely be illegal other than very certain cases.

We need to update our legislative procedure to be more modern.  Riders are atrocious abuse of power and trust, and the way of presenting a bill is legitimately impossible to read without days or weeks of reading extensively.  

We need to mandate that a bill is limited to a singular focus, and contains two things: starting point (can be blank if new law) and finalized product, where every correction, amendments, additions, etc. are all reflected in the final copy, so a layman can understand reasonably.  Then we can compile the changes into version control to easily see who changed what when.
Nothing. It's a poison pill
Exactly. This is more of a political bomb than anything. He just torched them. Its going to pass no matter what. Now, it's just more a poison pill for Senate GOP they have to swallow. And Pelosi immediately and very publicly stating they are ready to pass what Trump wants right now in the House, which kills the GOP even more. Kind of comical. They created this monster and now it's destroying them.
Take a fucking pill and get back to work like the rest of us.
I’m afraid this is a poison pill for Republicans and we either have no bill this year or a few important things in the 900+ billion will be cut.
This is potentially one of the largest political blunders of the century, so far. 

Pelosi/Schumer immediately accepting $2,000 checks as they have on Bird App  puts Congressional Republicans in an AWFUL situation. They can either give commoners money - a concept to which they are apparently violently allergic - or they swallow a VERY tough pill that tastes like "screw Trump and his followers" mixed with "it's hard to conceal our evilness this way".

Trump has really fucked his own party good.
I think if you call a libertarian heartless, you best be prepared to wait for the thumping erection to subside before you can get another word in.

Pointing out their lack of basic humanity or decency is a boner pill.
Is Trump throwing a poison pill into this bill to hurt the GOP? As revenge for Senate GOPers not backing up his election theft attempts? 

You know the senate GOP isn’t signing on to a $2,000 direct payment. They will have to look like the assholes voting no on a for-the-people stimulus that Trump himself endorsed. This is gonna really hurt them.
The problem was that pharmacist were being being told to ignore warning signs and fill known pill mill doc rx forms that had crazy high dosage amounts.  Walmart told their pharmacists to shut up and due their job, despite the pharmacists wanting to refuse to fill the rxs.

Look up dr. Wade in mckinney Texas and dr. Diamond in Collin county Texas.  These started the Walmart law suit, so I’ve heard.
I would be very surprised if this passed. After all of the negotiations, for repunlicans to go for it, they'd have to insert some big poison pill the Dems couldn't accept. Trump just fucked everybody here, this could kill all possibility of relief.  If that happens we have to really realllly hope we win the Senate (which is not guaranteed).  
If it does pass, at least some people got some money.
1.	Trump spent the last month ignoring the package, then comes in at the last moment with a poison pill. Typical. 

2.	While I’d love get $4000, can our nation really afford to basically give 100% tax refunds to most of the populace. Pay the unemployed more and the employed less. Those fortunate to have jobs should be thankful, not greedy.
Oh, there were lots of name jokes in *Spaceballs: The Movie*: President Scroob, Prince Valium ("He's a real pill!"), Dot Matrix, Snotty, Pizza the Hut...
Agree 100%. Coming from a recovering addict, I put all blame on Big Pharma &amp; shit doctors running pill mills. They were all just "legal" drug dealers.. My very first dope man was a doctor (term used loosely). 

Now the same companies who created the problem and made billions are pushing the "cure", again making billions. Subutex/suboxone are actually quite helpful in giving an addict a real sense of normalcy &amp; relief from active addiction, BUT even they are widely abused because doctors prescribe huge doses that never seem to decrease, which is supposed to be the entire point. 

Before I got clean, I was on subutex for 2 years. My "doctor" had patients come to his home, pay in cash, &amp; prescribed essentially whatever was asked for, including things that aren't supposed to be taken together (Xanax etc). For a $300 doctor visit, I was given the maximum amount of subutex and a high dose of Xanax and busbar (which he continued increasing). That's not "clean" (although I am still extremely pro MAT therapy when done correctly, as a RX from a doctor sure as hell beats an addict with a needle in their arm). 

Regardless, Walmart is not the culprit in this situation and I do hope this is dismissed. They are pieces of shit for many reasons but this isn't one of them.
No, they started calling heroin overdoses opioid deaths to confuse the public and take attention off the heroin epidemic that was going on, There were some pill mills and some people were abusing scripts with their doctors help but the whole thing was heavily exaggerated. Most of the pill deaths were from combinations of meds and alcohol or street drugs. Welcome to "The war on drugs 2 ®" where nothing is what it seems to be.
&gt;When he repeatedly refused to take the pill, Feeney found him in contempt of court. 

Sounds pretty terrifying honestly. 

&gt;Go  to school, don’t use drugs, take prescribed medication, go to bed at 9  p.m., read a book a week and write an essay about it. I  tell them if you can’t follow these orders, they will be telling me  they can’t be successful in their mom’s home and I will find them a  place to live. And I will

Seems like this authoritarian strand that we've seen with Donalds election runs through a lot of systems.
Sam Quinone's book, Dreamland, had an even stronger take on Wal-Mart's role in the epidemic.
&gt;“The opiate scourge might never have spread as quickly had these rural areas where it all started possessed a diversity of small retailers, whose owners had invested their lives in their stores, knew the addicts personally, and stood ready to defend against them. Walmart allowed junkie shoplifters to play Santa to the pill economy, filling dealers’ orders for toys and presents in exchange for dope.” 

&gt;“Walmart, for a long time, did not require a receipt for returned goods. Anything stolen could be returned for a gift card for the full value of the merchandise. Dealers bought those cards for half their value in pills. A five-hundred-dollar Walmart card was worth three OxyContin 80s—for which the dealer had paid a few dollars with the Medicaid card scam. A vast trade in Walmart cards kept Portsmouth’s army of pill dealers in household necessities.”
If you think I’m trusting a single pill after this election and the 2016 election—
If you were a decision maker, you’d give money to keep the organizations who are keeping more people afloat than just the person themselves. 

The hard truth is, keeping businesses and financials afloat with PPP is a spent dollar multiplier that will get mostly returned, whereas giving everyone a flat 2,500 (or whatever the exact number is) would be vaporized almost instantly. 

It’s a hard pill to swallow for an individual, but it’s probably the right decision to make.
yup. trickle down is just an easier pill to swallow for then masses then theft. which is what it is.
It's called a poison pill. The GOP is infamous for using this though the Dems have used it plenty themselves. The difference being the Dems by and large use it to stop really shitty GOP legislation from passing.
Vote No for this crap.  It’s not worth it for $600.  It’s another Republican poison pill.
It's easy to say that looking 1000ft up, but, the poison pill details of that bill in October would have never passed. Steve mnuchin offered the 1.8 trillion, but mcconnell made it known he was only good for 500 billion, so pelosi called mnuchins bluff. The news coverage as round this has been unsatisfactory
This was a poison pill the Democrats were forced to swallow, because people need stimulus money and McConnell controls whether the bill will even go to the floor. It is designed to hurt the American people as much as possible, to prevent Biden from claiming any kind of victory. We can’t go on like this. Remember this day, and can we please just wipe the GOP off the face of the earth.
It’s poison pill legislation at its most blatant and insultingly its most lazy.  

Who cares about the millions that are out of work, starving or near homelessness because of this administration’s lack of preparation and foresight, we need to think of other countries first... in our stimulus bill.
Ah, Trump took the blue pill, that's why he is so delusional.
Like a jagged little pill.
Because the government would shut down if NOTHING was passed. McConnell ran out the clock. Do you want all services shut down? That would make a bad situation even worse. 

She had no choice. We’re not apologizing for what she had to agree to, we’re pointing out she had to swallow a shit pill or else untold harm would happen from a shut down.
And how is that a bad thing? The bill included a poison pill, that was kind of the whole point. It's a *good* thing it was never on the table.
&gt; A million dollars is nothing and if you have that much worth, it's usually tied up in stocks, bonds, 401k, insurance policies and property.

And your point is?  The first two categories you cite are easily liquidated. The same with a 401k, though taking the money out is due to cause a nice penalty.

Having a balance sheet with 6 or even 7 figures is a good thing, and something to give you young critters an “attaboy(girl)” feeling during your 20s and 30s.  You are slowly securing your financial future.

The one exception is for those who fail to understand the differences between a mortgage, a liability, equity and a dozen other of terms related to property ownership.  If you just bought a million dollar home (let’s just assume you financed the entire thing, because even as how unlikely that is to occur nowadays, the fact that you’re still reading this says you need to learn this), unless you paid cash for that house then you don’t own it.  Some bank does.  All you own is whatever down payment you made and the right to purchase the deed from the bank in roughly 360 monthly payments.

And btw, there is usually very little way to leverage the value of your mortgage into “living the good life” (those that ask this question should really rethink if home ownership is right for them).  Why is that, you may ask?  Because the value of your home is unlikely to change much in the short term, versus change an incredible amount over the long term.  If your home were to increase from 1M to 2M overnight, then yes — you could sell that place and pocket 1M difference.  But it would be more likely for that to happen over 10 years (still unlike overall, but everything is relative) and during that time you as the property owner will be enjoying the costs of higher and higher property taxes, insurance, and maintenance.  About the only way are you going to luck out on a property in such a manner is if some event occurred which made your property more valuable.  Like it’s the last bit of property needed to be acquired for Amazon to build their new HQ, and they couldn’t be thwarted by some kid, a dog, and a bunch of helium filled balloons.

So while home ownership is a great vehicle to saving for your future, it’s not some magic pill nor are you going to get something for nothing.
These big media outlets wouldn't make these retractions if they didn't accept the likelihood that they would lose in court if the case proceeded. They know they engaged in defamation, and this is the easiest pill to swallow.
What your missing is that the martini deduction is a poison pill. The GOP doesn’t care if the stimulus fails. The democrats do. So they’re not willing to throw the entire stimulus package away for such a minor point. The blowback would likely come back harder on the Dems for failing to pass something. The GOP is shooting hostages and were blaming the democrats for dead hostages.
I think an easier pill to swallow for a lot of people is to encourage eating chicken and fish instead of beef or pork.  That move alone would eliminate about 80-90% of the environmental impact associated with meat (in terms of land use, feed stock needed per calorie of meat, methane production, and other factors), as well as, in my opinion, much of the ethical impact (due to the lower intelligence of chicken and fish).
One of the many things I’m thankful for with Biden’s presidency is the timing. With vaccines coming out and an administration that takes covid seriously, I’m hopeful we should get back to some normalcy within his first year or so of being president. This means the economy and jobs should bounce back in a big way during his time in office and republicans won’t get to claim credit. Obviously I want this to happen no matter who is in office; but it would have been a bitter pill to see Trump take credit for it when he hasn’t done shit to help.
Doctor Phenis Pill
It doesn't seem like they are doing that to me

They seem to be blaming Democrats for how they choose to respond to Republican obstinance. 

I don't see anything indicating they don't blame Republicans for that obstinance too, but it seems fair to blame Democrats for acquiescing to said obstinance (because in elected Democratic Party reps minds, something is better than nothing, even if it isn't enough) if you're someone who wants them to vote in the negative (because in your mind, nothing is better than something meagre but loaded with a poison pill), which they seem to be.
I had a suction abortion and would choose it any day over what I’ve heard about the pill. My procedure was quick and easy as was recovery.
Yeah, the pill is a toss up. People experienced it in vastly different ways. Some thought they were literally hemorrhaging and called the ER, others essentially felt like normal period cramps, but the lowered effectiveness as the gestational age increased was the part I hated the most. I'd always counsel that the pill wasn't guaranteed and that you could have to come back in for a procedure and would discuss actual percentages. Most were willing to try it for an attempt to do it at home in a more comfortable and familiar environment. But yeah, Miso is never fun.
Yeah. Uncontrollable shivering (borderline seizures), gutting pain. I remember it all too well. I chose the pill to avoid suction but still had to do it because the pill didn't fully work. What I didn't know then, is that they also give you that same pill hours before the procedure, it's excruciating and was definetely the most traumatic part for me. Misoprostol or whatever.
That pill is no fucking treat either. My poor SO went thru hell on that thing.
[There are some](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/teens/ask-experts/what-are-the-different-types-of-abortion) where you just take a pill to essentially force your period. Suction is literally a medical procedure to suction your uterus.
Trying to build a poison pill to tell people when they realize how scary stupid the prices are that it's the dems fault!!
&gt; DOCTOR penis pill sellers

Dr Pill
There will definitely still be issues but I think give it at least a year for every crazy person out there to take a chill pill. A new calm president with the highest power can do a lot. Just a guess but I think the shift depends on the person who has the highest power. Plus, he'll be wrapped up in legal battles the rest of his life or in jail. I'm sure 2021 will be pretty crazy but not like the last 4 years. It will be nice!
Ah yes, the Pelosi poison pill.
Yeah, but except one, none of the human villains in the show were actively maliciously evil. Most of them were motivated by greed, the environment be damned.

The only truly evil human villain of that show was Dr. Blight. And even she would tell Agent Orange to take a chill pill.
I want to know what Moscow Mitch's poison-pill is. it doesnt say in this article.
He’s off his meds. It’s like Kanye, once he gets back on his meds (which he’s a pill addict) he will realize that there was no election fraud (never has been and never ever will) and he will realize that he was the shittiest president I ever take office
Hey! That's DOCTOR penis pill sellers. Show some respect
 /s
The key to it all is in the pill though
Our lawyers warned us against marketing it too heavily as a pillow. The FDA however, permitted us to call it a pill for a one time payment to Pfizer's primary lobbiest.
I've been saying/hoping for a while that Trump will be the poison pill that causes the GOP to implode onto itself. Of course though, like most things involving politics, it would probably play out so slowly that it feels like nothing is happening (and if so, we're probably living it now)

Despite genuinely feeling like he's doing lasting damage to the Republican party though, I have struggles really believing it will have any meaningful impact. It's hard not to be pessimistic when we've already gotten this far without much consequences at all. Either way though, I know that for the rest of my life I'll personally be voting for whichever candidates care most about science and helping people in need.
These morons suddenly making the distinction of different types of doctors after decades of holding up creationists, climate change deniers and penis pill sellers regardless of what field their doctorate comes from. If they even bother having one.
AOC is **RIGHT**

...no matter how much Libertarian/GOP anarcho-capitalist "Red Pill" Incels and other such anti-American traitors want to whine about it.
It’s a new orange pill
Currently stuck in Florida and Florida sucks as a vacationing spot  for so many more reasons than Trump alone. Namely the densely populated Floridiot to mosquito ratio thrown in suburban hell meets pill mill with sprinkles of dumpster fire heat 11 and 3/4 months of the year. 

But Trump &amp; Florida... Hard pass. 

Most of my neighbors took down their American flags and have flown only Trump flags for years. Many have Trump life size cut outs in yards decorated for holidays. This past year I had the privilege of seeing Trump cutouts in Halloween graveyard decorations giving a thumbs up (seriously) next to dozens of Trump 2020 yard signs. I don’t know if it’s side effects or rampant STDs or just missing screws but Florida takes the worship to the angry creamsicle  to another level.
No it actually is not.  Imagine if your boss told you or forced you to go on a business trip except you are forced to pay for your flight, hotel stay, and event registration with zero reimbursement.  That’s where they were wrong.  

I asked about reimbursement when the district manager mentioned this mandate and he nonchalantly tells me, ‘The company had a program but it ended a few months ago.”   What he is telling me is that it’s up to me to spend money to help facilitate the running of the companies business.  I get that it’s bullshit retail work and techs are a dime a dozen but I’m also not just a tech.  I actually have options and chose to work there to learn, not for the shitty pay or to be disrespected and treated like some moron that doesn’t understand the concept of business expenses.  If the license was a mandate prior to hiring me and the expectation was there you would be correct.  In this case it’s after the fact so the cost goes to them.

And btw I have tons of relatives who are pharmacists.

This district manager also made some passive aggressive threats to me about not both clocking in and going home the next time I showed up to work without a name tag.  I have two lab coats and one was being washed are you bullshitting me?  I have a college degree in IT and at the time I purposely forgo making 60k a year and chose to work for this shit corporation for 10 bucks an hour part time and you want to pull this bullshit?
On top of this they also told me that if I didn’t get this down on time they would demote me to being a cashier, reduce my pay, and I couldn’t touch or handle the drugs.  They made that threat to me but that was actually more of a threat to my pharmacist.  Sounds like you’re about to lose your help.


The only reason why I even worked at that pharmacy is because I like the store pharmacy manager who was not present during that day.

Anyway the company was run like shit, which is why their stock value was worth 30 cents at the time and part of the reason why they sold so many of their stores to Walgreens.    Two Indian district managers, both cocky and came with that old school, I’m the boss and can talk to you how I want attitude. “ Well that didn’t fly with me and I had enough.

Now I just work in IT making my 90k not having to deal with shoplifters, schizophrenic, those creepy old guys asking for their weekend special (box of condoms and viagra) debating back and forth if they should get 1 pill or 2 pills filled and having to deal with getting robbed at gunpoint.  I worked as a floater tech in multiple stores mostly in rough neighborhoods.  The pharmacists loved me because I was solid help but the district managers were complete dicks and none of them had the backbone to stand up to them.  And trust me I get it, you don’t stick your neck out and risk your own employment for some part time tech but I don’t have to accept the blatant disrespect and threats either.

Rite Aid is a bottom barrel corporation.  After Giant dropped processing the Amerigroup insurance, Rite Aid had a flood of new poor ghetto customers and along with that came the attitudes and shoplifting.  
This is why majority of my cousins work in the hospital setting nowadays.
&gt; Explain...

If you watch matrix, its like if Neo said to Morpheus "Explain to me what you mean". Thats   why morpheus had to give Neo the Red Pill, because it has to be experienced.

But I will try my best. 

Take for example when Hunter Biden story broke before election. Every main stream outlet, including Fox News, together with social media companies, built the narrative that it was fake, that  Rudy was a Russian  agent and everything was Russian disinformation. People who looked at normal main stream outlets had no option but to believe this. Even in newspapers in far away countries like in India and Australia the same narrative was repeated. Only those of us who listened to the raw reporting, of what actually was in the laptop knew that  something was off.

Of course, it can be proven now that everything was real. Now the main stream is reporting all of it and I will refrain from conjectures as to why they are reporting it now.

Think of an ant on a chessboard. If its on a white tile, it believes the whole world is white. If its on a black tile, it believes the whole world is black. Either way, it has no clue that a  piece is going to be moved and crushing it to death.

We are the same way. Our reality is based on what information we surround ourselves with. And it is becoming increasingly clear that the information we are getting from what we think as reputable main stream media is not the reality. 

For example, when it comes to election fraud, if you only care enough to look at the underlying evidence - testimonies, statistical analysis, videos, etc. and think of them critically completely disregarding the illusion created by  the media, you will find it extremely hard to keep up the belief that there was no wide spread fraud. Again, every person's reality is their own, and you are responsible for what you  believe as the reality. What I am suggesting is that, there is a reality beyond what is being fed and only you can find it, and only when you truly want to find the truth.

Either way, my belief is that before long every illusion will be shattered - so you might not have to wait too long.
They can and I applaud that but I'm just saying it's a slippery slope. Bias runs rampant and it's easy to make up your own reasons to ban people, leaving them without a voice.

I hate trump and I appreciate the "this is false info"  think twitter is doing but downright censorship is a hard pill to swallow. Where does it end? Who dictates lies? The twitter staff?

There's straight up cp and beastiality on twitter so it's a weird stage to put this kind of play on
Pull an A Team and give him some milk with a sleeping pill in it?
Democrats need to add a poison pill of their own.  Then tell the GOP either we both take each other’s poison pills, or we both remove them.  Start playing their stupid game and see how they like it. 

Also, fuck this guy, bringing this up NOW, after the other hurdles have been overcome.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think he didn’t want a covid relief bill...oh wait....
Gotta toss in a poison pill somewhere if your goal is to prevent any actual aid from passing.
Unfortunately they got the pills mixed up.  He’s gonna want the blue pill it turns out
The Republicans have placed a poison pill in the aid bill that would hamstring Fed lending during the Biden Administration. This is sabotage not good faith negotiation.
While I completely agree with that statement, $18/hr + benefits for a job that requires only highschool is enough to cover the BASICS of rent/food/clothes.

Yes, you aren't gonna be driving a new car, or eating out at restaurants, and you may have to rent a room vs an apartment, BUT it does cover the basic necessities.

Problem is that so many people live outside of their means and then complain about how their job scams them because they don't have enough for rent/food/bills.

Well sorry but you don't NEED a $100/mo phone plan or a studio apartment, those are something you WANT and if you WANT those things then go out and get a better job.

It's a hard pill to swallow but it's true.

That being said, again. 100% agree with you, every job should provide AT LEAST the BASIC NECESSITIES.
I know a guy who runs a diet pill scam who got $600k. 

He said he was going to use the money to “go legit.”

Then he bought a new G Wagon.
This is absolutely outrageous. Sorry, I have to vent. Long post!

I dropped out of college 2 years ago to pursue a career as an aircraft mechanic, which I'd gotten by chance. (Long story)

I made 12.75, but the job was an hour away and had the shit taxed out of it. I loved doing what I did so I kept at it hoping for it to pay off some day.

- March 18, 2020. 
I get a text from my boss saying he's laying me off for the time being. I ask when I need to come back, he says he doesn't know. That was the last I heard from him. 

I drew unemployment, and I "lived it up". By the same token, I burnt through money like a pig. I hate myself for that but I am young, stupid, and have to learn somehow.... :/

The last 3 months have been HELL. My phone carrier, who didn't bill me the entire summer (thanks!) Stacked *those* bills onto my current bills. So in essence, they wanted $222 every TWO WEEKS as their "covid relief loan repayment".
---note that at that point, the extra $600 had stopped, and I was only making $650 a month from regular UI. 

I now draw nothing. 0.


I turn 21 tomorrow, December 20th.
I have roughly $25 to my name, which in 3 days will be in the negatives as a bill posts. 
I cannot afford to eat hardly anything. I can't get my girlfriend  anything for Christmas. My car's transmission is on its last leg and I obviously can't do a damn thing about that. 
I live with my dad, a pill addict and my mother has MS. 
My Medicare/Healthcare/whatever-it-is runs out since I turn 21. I can't afford that, so guess I'll just drop my medicine (I take only 1 thankfully) suddenly.

I have, in the last 2 months, began repairing and restoring vintage stereo equipment - it barely pays my phone bill and allows a few snacks and gas but that's it. Although it is the one thing that makes me happy apart from my gf and online communities like this (thank you, seriously!)

What a time to turn 21.
What a time to be alive.


*Sad violin music from "titanic" sinking scene*
The interesting question is whether a pardon will attempt to absolve him (and the rest of the family) from paying back the money.

That would essentially be codifying Presidential self-dealing on a grand scale, which would be a very hard pill to swallow even for the present supreme court.
Or Jim Clyburn of south Carolina for that matter. Moderate dems are hated only slightly less than trump Republicans on reddit from what I've noticed.  It might be a bitter pill but moderate democrats do exist especially in the south and there are a lot of them
&gt; the stuff that he gets from his stupid rallies.

The only erections he can get without an insurance-covered pill. While over 40% of Americans don't have the coverage--or the money--to get a ventilator, if they need one.
No, it's not the corporate liability thing that's the poison pill here.

The poison pill is now this:

https://twitter.com/brianschatz/status/1339940634837303298
Can anyone give me a better explanation of the poison pill part and a good analogy for it. I’ve been trying to explain it to my family and why it’s bad but all they think after I tell them the basics, is “yeah if businesses are allowed to be sued for covid, all the small businesses will be sued out of existence by frivolous lawsuits and destroying the economy.”
Welp, if what I read from Brian Schatz is true, this stimulus that's been worked on for a little while is as good as DOA as well. All of a sudden, Republicans are trying to put in a major poison pill that I'm not even sure is possible (trying to block the Fed from helping Biden). If that doesn't get dropped within the next 24 hours or so, then the Democrats really can't accept this bill.

Edit: And likely need to speak up to boot as well. Because this is just ridiculous.
That article doesn't mention where the money is coming from. This [article](https://hbr.org/2015/05/mcdonalds-has-to-do-more-than-manipulate-its-stock-price) mentions financing buybacks through debt and refranchising. Creditors will be less likely to support sending billions to employees because the money vanishes instantly, whereas stock buybacks can be reversed through selling. Even if the creditors allow any sort of reasonable spending, perhaps in the case that debt acts as some sort of posion pill style defense, McDonalds would want to steer clear of irreversible spending such as wage raises. However, if the company made a promise they would never reverse any buybacks, your guess is as good as mine.
So why did Biden help this GOP member who put forth this poison pill get elected over a Democrat a few years back?
What do you mean uninformed? We both likely scour the internet for information and then tell people what we believe. We knew he was a crook and used his followers that’s on them. South parks cool you boomer. Now being as informed as you are what has Biden done during his career? (Day 1 all the way to him living in obamas shadow to being president elect) 

I’m just sick of the choose between a lesser of two evils play we got in 2016 &amp; 2020

Bernie &amp; Tulsi Gabbard were my two people both got fucking snubbed why? She ripped Kamala a new one... and no one talked about it. Here comes Biden “oh she’s black? AND INDIAN? Sold! Media tried calling tulsi a Russian spy... everyone who was against Bernie made him out to be a fucking madman for talking about climate change and the future of young people. But it’s only 4 years so fuck it. 

Only reason we have Biden is cause he had so much fucking money backing him he could get radio and TV ads everywhere and create this huge “we have to defeat evil narrative” and we know he’s losing it in that brain of his.

Here I am ranting on. Anyways I hope you have a good day man. Take your fiber pill as well.
Pretty sure this is a deliberate attempt to poison pill socialism to moderate liberals.  The media environment in the US *really* does not like socialism.
Boner pill Bob Dole
I’m always fascinated with portrayals of personal lives and feuds in the media - but this isn’t celebrity junk, its hyper-real and possibly affects absolutely everyone. It’s like ... pro wrestling with consequences. Or gang drama.
What HAPPENS inside a Republican who ... has to swallow a crazy pill, push the pill, then take down the old friend or his kid because your gang leader gets more turf? It’s like some goodfellas betrayal sociopath shit. Graham as Pesci?
When Mike Pence was Governor of Indiana, the opiate addiction crisis hit his state hard. That led to a lot of pill poppers stepping up to IV heroin. And a lack of a clean needle program - which Mike Pence blocked - led to an HIV epidemic in the state.

Subsequently, he failed uphill to the point where he was put in charge of the national COVID response.
The great thing about this is that it’s a poison pill for Pence. If he certifies the election results, it will kill his further political opportunities. 

I see this as a win.
My sister had an IUD and they still got pregnant. It was a less than 1% chance but it happens. The pill is only ~94% effective, too.
What if she doesn't want to discuss her trauma with anyone, she just wants to order a pill?
&gt; You straight up called M4A a poison pill 

In response to somebody who called the public option a poison pill, yes.  I think the point of that comment may have been lost on you.
You straight up called M4A a poison pill when it's the only reasonable option in healthcare reform at this point; that does not allow people to die from sheer lack of money. Which is a position that is broadly popular to the American public. I could not give a solitary fuck what you have to say about health policy, or what the people want, and, subsequently, Mayor Pete's qualifications to run Transportation.
5. Yes, Russia interfered in 2016. Ok fine. But did it help trump win the election? Doubtful. 71 million people voted for this clown knowing exactly what he was after 4 years. The truth is more hurtful- Trump would have won with or without Russian interference.  Because people LIKED him. And 71 million still do. It’s a tough pill to swallow but the truth is more painful than the narrative. Admit it, and then we can actually heal the country. Dismiss it as Russian interference and nothing more, and we’ll get trump again in 4 years. He struck a chord. Try to understand why. 

6. The Steele dossier, funded by the Clinton campaign, was a total and complete hit piece with zero standing. It was subsequently used to investigate the trump campaign via sketchy FISA court proceedings which were later found to be either grossly negligent or intentionally corrupt. A prime example of deep state dealing in legislative politics. A very scary proposition if we take the partisan blinders off. 

Russia gate is equivalent to Stop the Steal. Crazy partisans not wanting to admit fault for losing an election. 

Open your eyes please.
The "public option" is not Progressive. Its a [poisoned pill](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/jvwsu1/ct_democrats_flexing_new_muscle_revive_public/gcnc8ma/) that Neoliberals float as their better alternative to Medicare for All. Designed to fail and tip us back into private healthcare where they wanted us to stay all along.

I didnt know about her 2009 bill. But it makes me hate her more.
It may be a bitter pill but if you want these numbskulls to actually fall for it, sell your tickets for $1488.
They'll never believe a librul would think of that.
A laughably simplistic view that ignores the scores of people who voted based on other issues as well, as well as the fact that not only Democrats voted for Biden.

10% of [Arizona](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/arizona-trump-biden/2020/11/07/9f64475a-1fb7-11eb-ba21-f2f001f0554b_story.html) Republicans voted for Biden, that wasn't because they simply hated Trump and would vote for every Democrat. It's because people like Cindy McCain said: "vote for this Democrat." Pretty sure she doesn't say that about Bernie.

People voted against Trump, but they still had to choose to vote for Biden. Many independents and Republicans who did so only did so because they saw a centrist, not because he just wasn't Trump. Bernie wouldn't have won, and you simply claiming that it was 100% about Trump misses the point. [71% of voters were voting "for their candidate"](https://www.cnn.com/election/2020/exit-polls/president/national-results), including about 60% of Biden voters. Yes, a lot of people hate Trump, and Biden was a difficult pill to swallow, but on the margins the fact that he was Biden, a centrist, as opposed to a more progressive candidate made a difference. 

I don't like that this is the case, but it is, and your arguments are completely uncompelling, devoid of data or basic understanding of people's voting preferences this time around. Produce something if you're going to make your claims, at the very least
yeah youre right, progressives are the ones that turned the most popular social uprising movement in american history into an electoral poison pill for moderates. totally wasnt moderates fault for not engaging with the movement and instead holding it at arms length.
No? I did not. It shows deleted comments. No one deleted anything. Jfc. Take a chill pill
Mcconnell was also pushing for corporate protection against lawsuits from COVID health and safety issues. It was a poison pill in an otherwise good bill
No, I'm not arguing "ideal". I'm arguing flat out right and wrong here. And you know it. 

You're *still* arguing that we should all bend over and let the 1% KILL AMERICANS WITH IMPUNITY just so they can throw you some fucking scraps...from a table full of food that WE ALL PAID FOR in the first place. Seriously?

This is the same flawed logic that keeps the openly crooked GOP in power in your state of Florida, for example, even though a state sales tax and a proper government would have given Floridians a proper unemployment system that they all could rely on in times like these.

The DEMOCRATS threw all of us, you included, that lifeline you mention way back in MAY (!) but it was the GOP leader McConnell that refused to even consider it...instead inserting this horrible CORPORATE LICENSE TO KILL as a poison pill to block anything and everything from the 99% who need it.

And yet Florida STILL voted GOP in 2020.

For the real kicker, should the Democrats bend over and do this to ALL of us, as you suggest, guess who Americans will blame when the truth comes out and this screws tens of millions of us in favor of the 1%...AGAIN? When it turns out it did nothing to help come the Spring...as McConnell intends. Ahem.

It won't be the guys who tried to help them. No, the GOP will lie their asses off again and again and deflect all blame to those "other guys"...as they do year after year and in every election.

If America's most ignorant and gullible would stop falling for these lies, we could have fixed all of these systems decades ago.

Hell, man, even a dog knows he can't eat the scraps if he's dead...
Is there anything we predicted that actually turned out to be true, but was also a good thing? I guess Obamacare was kinda good. It has its issues, and if Republicans weren't so hung up on repealing it they could had worked with Democrats to make it stronger. And it would had been a win for Republicans if proposals they made actually worked. But before Obamacare my mother had to lie to get insurance because she has epilepsy. Since 10 years old. If they insured her at best anything related to epilepsy would not had been covered. And back then, some of the meds she still takes were not generic. One of the meds she takes now isn't generic and still costs about 400 bucks a month. With the discount on tier 3 or 4. Without any insurance just that one pill is over 30k a year.
Your last comment there - a fake bargaining chip they invented...

It's basically a poison pill before the actual legislation is in place. They do not want to give money to citizens. They want money to go to their donors (corporations mostly) and they know that Democrats will not come to the table with the "red line" in place. Then they can flip the messaging on Democrats and say, "They won't even come to the table, they don't care about money going to citizens..." 

It's a win-win for them, and it's why McConnell and his party have been so successful at maintaining power. This is how they operate.
This article is decades late.  I've been hammering on this for 20 years.  That fucker now makes over 80M per year.  Hannity makes over half that.  If Limbaugh isn't a propaganda billionaire by now it's only because he blew too much on cigars, pill shopping and hookers.   Why do millions of fools trust these two college drop outs?

They're fucking drug dealers and the drug they're pushing is confirmation bias propaganda and anger.  There is *no equal* to them on the left.  The closest example someone on the right could point to is someone like Maddow who is at the top of her game earning about 5M, and she has multiple degrees in political science and journalism.  Yes she sells outrage, but it isn't completely fabricated outrage.

Limbaugh and Hannity and Carlson, and Savage and all the rest of those fuckers are completely toxic, and I'd say to each of them the same thing Jon Stewart said to Carlson, *Stop. Stop hurting America*
So...

Why prolong? I don't think she is, really. It's mostly grandstanding. And don't get me wrong, that's not a bad thing to do if you're a politician :) Probably a better question would be why are the Democrats as a bloc of House votes not moving faster, and my guess would be that either there's some specific poison pill in the bill that they see as a deal-breaker (unlikely, on balance), or they're taking time to make sure the final version is as absolutely bullet proof as they can get it, to avoid more multimillion church private jet absurdities. Or something completely different, if I've guessed wrongly.

Debt under Trump...I honestly don't know. Is it really a significant amount of debt, given the current balance sheet of the US government? Even if so, I'm sure they'd spin it as being the government which was willing to pay for it, or something. You can spin most anything if you have a good comms team. Anyway, if debt is taken on during a transition period, does it matter who's administration gets it? I mean, if it _really_ matters presumably McConnell will be able to delay it just long enough to land on Biden's desk immediately after inauguration, no?
Plan B... as in RU-486?

I think they're all a bit too old for that to be effective, but I like the idea of a metaphorical morning-after pill.
Quite frankly, it doesn’t really matter what you want. You’re not producing anything, not participating in society, so why should you get a say in how the resources are allocated. If you want someone to grow you food, you need to have something to trade for that food, otherwise you’re just forcing someone else to work for your benefit. Someone has to grow the food, someone has to clean up after a sewer pipe bursts. You’re basically saying that other people should have to work for you... because you deserve it? Why should other people need to labor for your benefit? Don’t you see how parasitic your mindset is?

If you’re so invested in how well others are doing, why didn’t you choose to go into a profession you hated, but would pay you enough to provide for others? It’s not like there aren’t plenty of high paying but miserable jobs out there that nobody wants to do.

I don’t think that people should go without basic necessities, but that does not mean that you in any way should get to dictate what people do with their money beyond that.

If you’re not making very much money, it’s because the value of the good that you have to trade is not worth very much to the person buying it. That’s a bitter pill to swallow, but luckily you can change what you are offering to trade. Nobody is stuck working shitty jobs unless they make that choice for themselves.

The point that you seem to not be able to comprehend is that money, on its own, is meaningless. Its simply a medium of exchange. You can’t buy more doctors into existence in the short term, and if you use money to induce more people to enter the profession it comes at the cost of those people doing other things.

This isn’t a particularly hard concept, but I guess expecting critical thought from the reddit politics underachievers is a big ask.
You were wrong.

I went to an early voting station this morning. On the way there, I kept wondering why it's 10 AM and still dark. Winter, right?

I get there, and it's closed.

It was 10 PM.

What the fuck is this Rip Van Winkle bullshit? Why did I sleep all day? I didn't even take a sleeping pill, nor was I extraordinarily tired.

I can't believe I have to deal with this shit again.
He's a pill head.
Usually I think AOC is a real pill, but I’m on board with kicking Pelosi especially. She’s been in politics too long and she’s terrible.
I mean... yeah. Their common ground is the insistence that they know better than "experts." It's a baseless grudge against academia and a deep belief that anyone with "common sense" can know just as much as people who have spent their whole lives in rigorous study.

Anti-vaxxers, flat earthers, pizzagaters, whatever. They all have a profound delusion that they've taken the red pill and know more than all of the sheeple, and once you're in for a penny you're in for a pound, so they'll start taking ALL of the stupid fucking conspiracies.
The little blue happy pill can't actually fix it if you're shooting blanks, only if you can't get it up. It affects blood flow to the penis, not spermatogenesis.

So yeah, we're talking Children of Men / Handmaid's Tale.
Well they suggested that they're taking it out the current bill, so I would say so. That was a giant poison pill
The real hard-to-swallow pill is him telling progressives that modeling their approach after Republicans is a losing strategy.
AOC is more effective from outside positions of power as she can advocate for policies currently politically infeasible which drags the whole conversation a little bit left.   If you put her in a place of power she would have to tone down her position to what is currently feasible. 

Like, if she was speaker and brought Medicare for All to a vote, and it failed, it's now a political loser which could poison pill the idea forever.  So she can't push the idea as hard from the head of the party.  Much better to apply continuous pressure from the left wing to reframe the conversation and make it actually viable in a few election cycles.
How is this a hard to swallow pill? It’s been known by everyone that the right is in the minority. Especially by people on the right.
Some leftists need to create a fake far-right "economic populist front" to funnel in these dejected people and gradually red-pill them into leftist ideas.
Or maybe they put poison pill clauses in the bill that no Republican could ever support. This isn’t a black and white situation...
It is a hard pill to swallow, but i don't think progressive will be able to move forward as part of the democratic party as long as so many are willing to ignore the failures of democrats.
Yeah, this is hard pill to swallow. But you make a good point. It's definitely something I've seen and tolerated and maybe that is my sin, but we need to address this now.
He put a poison anti-liability pill in the bill that would hurt many workers.  He is the one being disingenuous.
JFC who is writing Daily Beast headlines lately?

Moscow Mitch: Stop. Putting. The. Poison. Pill. Of. Oligarch. Immunity. In.

Then we can take "McConnel's Yes" as an answer.

I'm surprised Daily Beast is fondling oligarch balls here.
Stop. Putting. The. Poison. Pill. Of. Oligarch. Immunity. In.

Then you can freaking go home.
No one is praising him, simply mocking him for taking so long and having to swallow that pill. I’ll enjoy this.
Sorry people but you’re dreaming.  I’m willing to eat these words but I’d wager he will never face any consequences.  Hard pill to swallow but even with all debts coming due he’s still very wealthy, and we know the wealthy don’t suffer the same rules as the rest of us.
To a degree. Seems this fantasy was to be a maga alpha male, turning away all the non-Trump women who plead for him to stay because he's so manly. His support in trump has changed him into something...better...stronger...and mostly more red, much like [alex jones after his 45 day pill regimen. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/facepalm/comments/6dhtbb/never_forget_alex_jones_once_posted_before_and/) He basically wants to be so manly that he can afford to push off liberal women because he has a harem of trump women ready to have their...ahem...grabbed because goddamnit, he's going to keep Trump in office.
&gt;It’s literally a tiny clump of cells when this pill is supposed to be taken

I think this pill can be used up to 10 weeks, so a little more than a clump of cells but well short of "a baby".
Good!  The GOP swallowed this poison pill.  Let them choke on it!
It’s literally a tiny clump of cells when this pill is supposed to be taken and Republicans are like “YOU WILL PUSH THIS THING OUT OF YOUR VAGINA”
To give you an idea of how ridiculous this is, I take allergy shots every few weeks. In the "before times", I would get an allergy shot and then wait for 20 minutes at the clinic in case I had a reaction so that I could receive medical treatment.

Now, I still receive my shot in person, but I have to bring my Epi-Pen and after the shot, they send me out the door and say, "bye bye now". If I have a reaction, I'm on my own. I use the pen and call 911.

If it's okay to do that, surely these women do not have to be there in person to simply PICK UP this pill.
Plan b is not the abortion pill. Misoprostol and mifepristone are. Mifepristone is also called ru486 which I always thought was some kinda veiled pun. RU486ing this baby? Yes.
Can i please take the red pill, i really wan the red pill, please bring me to reality. THis man is so dangerous
yes, it does.  we've only had an occasion to use the EC.  i didn't know a medical abortion pill was available.
I think you're confusing emergency contraception (often known by brand names like Plan B or Ella) and medication abortion.

Emergency contraception (a.k.a. EC or the morning-after pill) is a concentrated dose of the same hormones present in regular birth control pills- there's more there because the purpose of the pill is to try to do in an emergency timeframe what regular birth control pills do- namely, suppress ovulation.  The idea being that if you've had unprotected sex or experienced a contraceptive failure, that if you haven't yet ovulated, there's time to try to stop it from happening while the sperm are still making their journey up to meet the egg, thus preventing pregnancy.  If you're already pregnant, emergency contraception cannot end it.

By contrast, medication abortion or the abortion pill refers to the regimen of taking two different medications to terminate an existing pregnancy.  Mifepristone is a progesterone receptor antagonist that prevents the body from receiving progesterone, the hormone needed to maintain the uterine lining that sustains the pregnancy.  Misoprostol is a prostaglandin that causes the uterus to contract, expelling all of its contents.  When utilized together, these two medicines safely and effectively terminate a pregnancy up to ten weeks- a woman who takes them will essentially have an induced miscarriage at home, slowly bleeding out the pregnancy over several hours.

Hope that helps explain the difference!
yes, i was.  didn't know there is a difference between the "morning after" pill and the "abortion" pill.

another redditor clued me in.
That is a morning after pill which is different from a medical abortion pill. [Explanation(pdf)](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/files/3914/6012/8466/Difference_Between_the_Morning-After_Pill_and_the_Abortion_Pill.pdf)
i have sex on sunday.  i take this pill on monday.  where's the abortion?
Without the ability to read the entire article, how exactly does the government know what’s in the package? 

Do they really know where every birth control pill is going?
This concerns medical abortions so yes it is an abortion pill although I hate the name. Birth control is a separate issue that could very well be affected once this is all over.
And let’s not give ‘em rubbers or the pill either. And stop them IUDs. Babies! Babies all around! That’ll teach you degenerates you to be fuckin. Mama said don’t use your privates like your personal playground.
its not an abortion pill.  it is birth-control.

stop with the false equivalences ... it degrades the tenor of the discussion.
I wonder what countless complaints theyd still have about her if she was actually a medical doctor. I imagine they'd definitely attack her like they do most women for "having it easy" and getting into medical schools or prestigious assignments just for being female or who her husband is. 

It wouldnt shock me since literally anytime a woman gets into a prestigious profession or is responsible for some major achievement/breakthrough, the red pill incel trolls start whining about how she must have taken a job/opportunity away from a man who deserved it more. They also will claim a woman who accomplishes just about anything also "unfairly" ends up with all the credit for something that a white dude on her team mustve really have done all the work on behind the scenes (which is really something since you hear about women throughout history almost daily who accomplished something but where their male superior got all the credit).
Take a diarrhea pill and then eat Taco bell! Win-win situation!
The right-wing boner-pill, brain-tonic, and patriotic coffee racket is more lucrative than you'd think. Plus, Republican boomers are the most griftable suckers on the planet with plenty of disposable income and short memories.
I agree here. Fuck trump and everyone with his name on them, but the office of the presidency *is* a national institution that is made up of an office ran by one person. Like everything else in life, trump abused it to its limit. He doesn't get special treatment, and we can't just ignore our issues. His Twitter use has been extremely damaging to the country but it was a pill we had to swallow.
 
Just like twitter has the full right to ban him, they also have the right not to.
The problem for me is that he’s always been more willing to criticize ‘woke’ or left-leaning guests while mostly letting full-on right wing nut jobs to spew their bullshit.  It’s always irked me, and I think he indirectly lead a lot of people down the Jordan Peterson red-pill rabbit hole
TL;DR for headline only readers:

It is two bills instead of one. The second bill contains the Republican poison pill of protecting companies from covid related lawsuits, as well as democrats desired state and local aid money. Everything else (education, vaccine, unemployment, eviction moratorium extension, rent and utility aid, PPP money, etc) is all in the main bill. There are no direct checks in either bill.
The GOP bill had the poison pill of a corporate liability shield which is unacceptable
Even entertaining a bill with corporate liability shields is a poison pill and unacceptable policy.
Christians. Worshiping a white christ when he was actually dark skinned. Pretending to spread Christ's word of acceptance, forgiveness, love, compassion. While toting guns and threatening violence to keep a golden idol cow in power...while screaming about the need to follow the constitution, while refusing to acknowledge the election. And crying out against elitism while worshipping a fake billionaire. While promoting a "pull yourself up by the bootstraps" but hating AOC who did just that and IS one of us...while also including the incels in their tent and all the red pill fucks...are also out here claiming this is a scandal that a working MEDIC has an onlyfans...when their God is married to a woman who posed for playboy and eventually admitted she fucks donald for the money...I mean this shit can go on and on and on.
This shit is fucked, I don't know how people that are unemployed are surviving this shit show. $1200 is like getting a Vicodin pill after your legs just got torn off.
&gt;Can Biden not use an executive order for direct payments?

He cannot. New spending is under the control of congress, not he presidency. If Mnuchin hadn't thrown the remaining 200 billion from last year's relief bill back to the treasury with the intention of sabotaging the incoming administration, then maybe an executive order would have been legally feasible, but that's unknown. But we need congress to pass the spending bill for more checks. 

This should be a bipartisan issue but all the energy among Republican voters is centered around destroying democracy right now so don't expect them to pressure their reps to issue new checks or drop liability protections for businesses as a poison pill in the bill.
Yeah, point out the red pill they swallowed was a reused suppository.
&gt;Jason Miller, a senior Trump adviser on the campaign, told The Daily Beast that the descriptions of the headquarters are nothing more than a “stupid observation.”

Classy as always, guy who cheated on his wife with prostitutes and drugged a woman with an abortion pill.
I heard all you need to learn it is to just take a pill.
I think that's a complete cop out. The media feeds an appetite. A culture of anti intellectualism and a chronic shortage of emotional intelligence and critical thinking skills is what has that appetite being fed in the first place. Inequality isn't just about how much disposable income you have, it as much deeper repercussions. Intellectual inequality is a thing and untrained intellects and egos will reject improvement when given a taste of "actually, you're not as dumb as you feel. You were actually the smart one all along". Denial is an easier pill to swallow than a jagged mirror. Especially when your peers are egging you on.
To be honest, this is the type of attention he craves and sustains his pill peddling site. There’s nothing to see here but a desperate duplicitous con man.
&gt; the patient reported that he had been consuming excessive amounts of dietary vitamin D that included cholecalciferol **30,000 - 50,000 IU daily** in addition to taking a combined pill containing calcium 500 mg and ergocalciferol 400 IU daily.

--

&gt; One case series reported 62 patients with malpractice-related vitamin D intoxication secondary to multiple injections of vitamin D (**600,000 IU/injection**)

Stick with 10,000 i.u. vitamin D daily, no calcium, and sufficient vitamins A and K2: https://chrismasterjohnphd.com/blog/2016/12/09/the-ultimate-vitamin-k2-resource
A 3/4 mile ambulance ride cost my wife $1,000 out of pocket with insurance and medics need side work. That’s the scandal. Doesn’t anyone remember the Bitter Pill article in time magazine that talked about the ambulance lobby being the single largest lobby in DC?
The translation here is that Manchin et al. have simply agreed to drop state and local aid (reportedly at the request of Biden) and are proposing a slightly beefed up version of the McConnell plan. The other bill is a poison pill, it’s set up to be politically unpalatable to everyone.
Few things. 

1) The more people get vaccines, the fewer people the virus can jump around to and this potentially mutate. If the virus mutates, theres a chance the vaccine becomes useless and we are back to square one. 

2) The vaccine is not 100% effective. Like birth control pills. And condoms. Theres still a chance. But birth control pill plus condom? Better protection combining both contraceptives effectiveness. The more people in total vaccinated, the more protected everyone is. 

3) Some members of the community cannot be vaccinated, even though they wish to be. Immunocompromised people cant take vaccines, people who are allergic to some ingredients in the vaccines, young people who the vaccine has not been approved for yet, people on other medical treatments that might interfere with or be interfered with the vaccine, etc. These people depend on others to take the vaccine to lessen the spread and reduce their own chance of catching it. 

People who do not take the vaccine have an impact on others. Its not at all as simple as “well, youre vaccinated, whats there to worry about?”
Yeah, my red county is having issues.

You are right though - the Reds want to black-pill the economy for their own ends.  Keep them desperate and angry and they'll fall in with the Reds...
dude, you don't know shit about red pill. I know you're referring to red pill groups as white supremacists but you're the type of guy whose gf will bang other guy and you'll raise his ugly child
I get very antsy when threads like this make fun of and downplay the insanity of the general membership of groups like this.

They are a real threat:

1.  The trolling mentality is mercurial- it is only defined by being for what can be co-opted as anti-establishment symbolism, or in other words, “edgy shit” to get a rise out of the population at large.  If an idea stops working, or if there is an emergent new idea to rail against and poke fun at, they change.  
2. They keep the buzzwords exclusive and changing as a sort of Shibboleth to keep out those not committed.  
3. Become more insular and exclusive, adding caché to membership.  

If it were left to that, fine.  Maybe they are not a threat.  However, central to the ideology is:

1.  2A ( not in itself bad necessarily, but those ideas have recently been radicalized), 
2. The Boog  (for most)
3. paramilitary tactics and gear
4. conservative ideals about feminism and “a woman’s place” (for most)
5. incel culture, and other toxic ideas.  

When added up, all you need are a few very quiet, independent psychos to start real horrors.  

We, as concerned Americans against fascism, must absolutely take these groups deadly serious.   Do not sell them short - yes, general membership may be there for “teh lulz”, but there is an organized, committed management of older white supremacy folks and anti-gov’t militia members that are committed to more than a sign-burning or a bar brawl.  Worse, they are actively recruiting our enlisted men and women, as well as federal, state, and local law enforcement.

I’m not saying we should turn these folks into boogeymen, but we should absolutely treat their ideas as the threats they are. 

They should be rooted out wherever they lurk, and held accountable for every action they take, and every idea they promulgate.  

If you are law enforcement or military, it is your duty to make it known if you see someone radicalizing.  If you see them overstep their authority, call it out.  If you see them break the law, make it known as a whistleblower.  This is important:  The system is corrupt enough that handling it internally may not have any impact.  

We must excise the fascist cancer from our law enforcement bodies and military.  For any law-abiding LEO or military personnel, I salute you, and ask you stay.  Please tough this out.  ACAB is only true until it isn’t, and the idea won’t change until good men and women call out the bad.  I know this is a tough pill to swallow, but we will support you if you come forward.
Exactly... sure they offered a “deal” but it was 100% a poison pill.
Will they be in the form of a red and a blue pill?
To be fair, it's not actually a pill, it's mystery dick liquid.
They've swallowed the blue pill and have been brainwashed into thinking it was the red one.
Except they haven’t.   They give in when the only other option is to do nothing.

This is why we didn’t get a pre election stimulus deal.  It had the same poison pill in it.

Democrats won’t give in to this, unless they lose the Georgia run-off.  At that point it’s weighing the pro’s and cons.  Which would be letting Biden start his presidency with an economic crises with mass evictions and people starving, vs letting corporations have immunity because republicans are god awful people who are perfectly happy letting more people suffer and die if it means a political win.


If you’re going to hate on this provision, stop attacking democrats over the prospect they may compromise on it when they literally have no choice if they want to help anyone at all and direct your attack towards the shitty politicians who wrote this provision in the first place and are stonewalling relief unless it’s included.


Democrats have turned down the stimulus at least twice so far because of this provision, it’s ridiculous to see people attacking *them* more over it  over hypothetically ending up accepting it, then republicans who actually wrote it and are refusing to pass anything without it.


AOC said it herself, if we want a good strong stimulus bill, then the only way we get that is if dems win Georgia.
this truth is a hard pill to swallow
&gt;So when you boil it down, she did in fact delay relief purely for political reasons/political leverage?

No, that is not what he said. You are either being disingenuous or simply not paying attention. 

She delayed relief because of the added poison pill that Republicans have demanded of giving corporations immunity. That's the reason. *People should not be forced to give up their right to sue in order to receive federal aid.* That's the premise.
He will always be voted in unless he retires or gets primaried. He put this poison pill in his bill because he doesn’t want it passed. He will then try to turn this into the fault of Biden and make 2022 a referendum on the economy he tanked and put blame on democrats. Same strategy that mostly worked to keep him in power during the Obama years. Oh yeah, and now the debt and deficit will be a new focus as well as the tax raises he passed that are coming up next year. Fun times.
They heavly advertise on conservative talk radio. Probably other right wing mediums. I am surprised the Balance of nature pill people are not there.
Mod those pill/heroin ravaged states would fall starving without fed tax for snap and ssi/disability from Cali and NY
Omg. Those guys love the three word chants.   How long until we see a my pillow guy rally where they are yelling, ” my pill low !”  “My pill low!”  ?
That original bog pill tho
A split in the party is most likely (if anything will happen). Trump supporters are a big enough base and rasicalised enought. This could mean that in 2024 we might have 3 parties running. If that happens I don't see a way for conservatives to ever win again. They already lack the ability to achieve popular vote win (iirc they haven't won it since the 90s). Splitting red states even more will cripple them. Sure Trump is famous but would the more level-headed conservatives vote for him and not the GOP? Til now those voters chose him because of conservatism and party affiliation. When the MAGA party starts spewing radical 4th Reich bullshit, those center-right guys probably won't take the pill.
Reality can sometimes be a bitter pill.
DJT has never met a problem he couldn't sue his way out of until this one. I'm sure it is a bitter pill to swallow. He thought he  could get favors from the judges he appointed, because life is transactional in his world. That's how he got everything he has. It's so gratifying watching the man baby learn this lesson we all learned as 6yo's on the most public stage in modern history. 

I know there is great harm being done to our democracy, but can we just appreciate this for a minute before we deal with that?
&gt; I’m sorry that is a hard pill to swallow but America isn’t as progressive as you think it is.

The last time we had a progressive in the White House he won 4 terms. There's a reason progressive policies are squashed, and progressive members are fought against tooth and nail.
Glitch in the Matrix, take the Red pill next time.
Your progressive hero would have been blown out in a national election. I’m sorry that is a hard pill to swallow but America isn’t as progressive as you think it is.
That’s another thing that is a hard pill for many Christians to swallow is that Islam is a sister to Christianity. Same God, same biblical figures, and even Jesus is a very respected prophet. They just added Mohammed to the list of players.
The Carolinas’ mascot should be a sweet but mildly racist 5’1” pretty blonde with a pill addiction. If The Carolinas were a character from The Office, they’d be Andy. Beautiful package with a seed of darkness in there spoiling things just enough to be off putting.
Reality is a tough pill to swallow sometimes haha.
Its rigged when a Democrat wins now? Is it impossible to think that maybe, just maybe, that the people want someone other than Trump to be president?  Is that so hard a pill to swallow?
nerve pill ?
Bush v. Gore came down to one state with thin vote margins. Biden rebuilt the fucking blue wall. It’s over. Someone needs a goddam nerve pill
Limbaugh comes to mind. Although he was a cigar smoking, pill poppin junkie, it’s still some form of divine justice.
This is great news!  Palin the poison pill, come on down!
I love how often Fox News points out the influx of Californians to Texas as if it's proof that all those coastal elites are waking up and taking the red pill.

Ignoring completely that most people aren't single issue (in this case, taxes) voters, and they tend to take their politics with them wherever they go.

Texas could very well flip blue this decade.
You know were still talking about 0.001% of people... 

High school sports teams are competitive, this is where kids have the chance to get scholarships to colleges that they can’t afford.

I can sense your also playing the victim card here with “poor cis girl”. Imagine that “poor cis girl” can’t afford to go to college and her only chance is training everyday and competing to get a scholarship to a college. Now this oppressed trans kid comes in and completely dominates because biologically men and women are different (I know it’s hard for snowflakes to swallow that pill). 

Sorry to burst your bubble but sports is a ruthless business, it’s not always fair, some kids are born to be athletes, it’s just a lottery. 

Competition IS all that matters in sports, I’m not sure if you watch formula 1 but Lewis Hamilton is absolutely dominating and Mercedes has a higher budget than any other team, resulting in the best results at races. People have stopped watching races because it’s gotten boring seeing Mercedes win all the time. This is what will happen if you allow trans people to compete in their non cis sex sport. 

You know what would be a great idea? Instead of complaining and whining about a small small small group disenfranchised individuals, make your own trans division of every sport. I bet it’ll get less views than women’s sports and go under in less than 5 years.
You know, if you don't like it, you can get the fuck out. I took a look at your history, and for someone who hates this subreddit, you sure enjoy coming on here *frequently* and spouting "democrats this, democrats that" and then insulting people who call you out on it. 

Take a chill pill and stop coming here if it hurts you so much. Childish troll.
Sure, but who's going to pay/cover that $650 Billion loss of profits (corporate theft) to Big Pharma, Hospitals, pill pushing Doctors and Government kickbacks?  Those poor millionaires and billionaires need to eat somehow and I'm not quite sure they were issued boot straps.  Those poor souls.  Should we start a Go-Fund-Me or something for those poor little rich guys?  /s
Np. I'm getting tired of the narrative that progressive policies are a poison pill for the democrat party, when evidence suggests the exact opposite.
No, that's not true.  Trump has had 50 lawsuits dismissed so far because his lawyers can't prove any of that.

It's a bitter pill, but you need to accept that Trump lost, just as Clinton accepted Trump's win the day after the 2014 election.  It's not for you, do it for democracy.
Hard pill to swallow but no matter how many residents; The State of Denial still has zero electoral votes.
&gt;go figure, two layers of protection are more effective than one.

That's right guys.  Even if she's on the pill, ya still need a rubber!
If you cherrypick all of the legislation that, in hindsight, ended up having adverse effects, of course it's going to look bad.

Here, let me try:

Tax cuts for billionaires with a poison pill mandating additional taxes on the middle class?

Rolling back environmental protections and reversing years of progress on pollution control?

Rolling back worker safety regulations?

Stacking the Federal Reserve with Wall Street cronies?

Inciting race riots?

Downplaying the coronavirus pandemic?

Should I go on?

It's ok if you like those things, but I don't.
Imagine your shock when people make sarcastic comments.

Take a chill pill princess, clearly the sarcasm was indicated by the last line.

You must be fucking great to hang out with.
Dude, it's a joke. Take a chill pill.
I'm sorry, what exactly did she say? Can you link a source or quote? Having trouble finding anything supporting your assertion.

All I know is, the House passed a second stimulus package on [October 1, 2020](https://thehill.com/homenews/house/519253-house-approves-22t-covid-19-relief-bill-as-white-house-talks-stall) (the HEROES Act). It included direct stimulus payments, aid for cash strapped states and local governments reeling from the coronavirus (red and blue), and the continuation of many programs offering assistance to Americans.

What should have happened, is the Senate should have passed their own bill and the differences would have been worked out in a conference committee. That didn't happen. I blame the GOP for that.

In the months since, the GOP Senate has not done anything but continue to demand miniscule spending bills, always with the poison pill of corporate liability protections against employee covid infections caused by corporate negligence. meanwhile, the GOP president can't keep focused for 5 minutes and lay out what exactly they will accept or not - besides, Trump has always been a weak negotiator, unable to rally support for anything he wants.

They got through a SCOTUS nominee in 2 weeks but can't pass a bill helping unemployed Americans? That's garbage, their priorities are garbage, and you're blaming both sides. Smdh
I personally have no problem with Rahm at DOT. But my larger point is that you should wait until he actually announces before getting worked up. A LOT of the media reports surrounding cabinet short lists are BS. Who had Blinken on their list for SoS? As I recall the conservative ecosystem was freaking out over the prospect of SoS Susan Rice. So just take a chill pill and wait until the announcement comes. There's no sense in getting worked up over a made up story that is only being reported because Rahm has connections with the DC media elite.
buncha rich fucks used that PPP loan and bought awesome new cars, boats and shit they dont need, and still let go a record number of employees. They Also never bought the PPE they were supposed to. just closed up location(s), cut their losses and dropped the extra weight. 

Remember back in March/April... Rich CEO dude crashed his brand new Ferrari downtown NYC. He,(dont remember his name atm) Owned that car less than 2days. went out drunk/pill driving. Left all his employees in the dust. What a crock of shit. 

meanwhile We got A **record number** of people being *caught shoplifting food and essentials,* they cant afford, all over the USA **RIGHT NOW.**
What exactly happens at law school?  Some red pill, blue pill shit?   I learned that Ted Cruz went to HARVARD law this week and it has me in a funk.  I thought I was doing well with a BS and working for the National Park Service, but goddamn does this system let some real sewer rats through the grates.
He still has to be alive in 4 years. Despite with his pill pushing doc said, he is not going to live to be 200...
Did you really think Trump and Moscow Mitch would honor that offer? You haven't been paying attention. McConnell would have thrown in a Poison Pill at the last minute, then blame the Dems for scuttling the deal. The GOP does nothing in good faith. Nothing.
The only pill you've taken is brown and poo flavored.
He's proven again and again what a moral coward he is when the shit hits the fan.

He ran to the ACLU when his pill junkie habit might have landed him in jail.   He should just get on with his diagnosis.
Stop calling it the *abortion pill* ffs.

That's conservative branding used to paint an image of taking poison to kill something-- which is not how it works AT ALL.

It's an emergency contraceptive. It's birth control. 

They want to deny birth control.
&gt; A federal judge in Maryland dealt a blow to the Trump administration on Wednesday by refusing to reinstate a controversial rule that bars access to abortion drug RU-486 (mifepristone) by forcing women to visit a medical provider in order to obtain the pill. [...]

&gt; The Trump administration, in their bid to have the injunction rescinded, cited “changes to public health restrictions and guidance in their states during the COVID-19 pandemic” to argue that the threat had subsided enough for the government to force women into obtaining in-person consultations before they could access the drug. [...]

The judge, however, was not convinced:

&gt; “Based on the evidence presented, the Court finds no such changed circumstances because: (1) the COVID-19 pandemic continues to pose a significant health risk necessitating the preliminary injunction; and (2) as a result of that ongoing risk, the specific barriers underlying the undue burden determination have not been sufficiently ‘mitigated or resolved’ to alter the likelihood of success on the merits and to warrant a stay or dissolution,” the opinion notes.

Further evidence that judges think Trump’s words are full of crap.  Just because he says the pandemic is winding down at his rallies, that does not make it so legally. 🤨🤷🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
Wow, I’m embarrassed to say i never saw the film but i do know about red pill blue pill. Are you suggesting we were about to take the blue pill?
Its actually because most Germans hated Jews and already agreed with most of Hitler’s views. They don’t reveal that to you in history class.

Its a really scary truth anyway, that people could be like this. Many students would probably have denied it, that’s probably why they don’t tell you that. 

Its one of many bitter truths that are NSFL, I’ve learned these and don’t have the same view of the world I once did. Its like I took the red pill and learned these things.
Surprise! 

Every COVID-19 deal includes a poison pill from Mitch that says "businesses aren't responsible for forcing workers to work, then get infected and die" and the GOP knows this.

It's fuel for making Biden's job harder and a means to demonize the Democrats. 

They're Neutral Evil people who have no incentive to save American lives now that they've convinced Their Side the virus isn't bad and it's the Demcorats' fault they're suffering.
The need to disinfect HVAC and all that needs to be cleaned... new filters, duct work. Faucet grills... every knob pill, window pull, blind cord, window latch drawer pull, everything.
Basically, everything can be an allergen. Use me as an example. I have two allergies: shellfish and propranolol, a common blood pressure medicine. 

Shellfish is common and easy to avoid. 

Propranolol is a medicine for blood pressure. It’s possible I could’ve gone my whole life without knowing I had that allergy. It’s also VERY likely I was allergic to the filler in the pill, not the medicine, but I haven’t needed it since so no reason to play roulette with pill brands. But if I did really need it? Then we’d have to find a brand that worked for me. 

I’ve seen allergies to cabbage, depakote, most liquid foundations, aerosolized scents like febreeze... if it exists, someone is allergic to it. There are even documented allergies to moon dust!!!
I’ve always thought he looks like a dirty man. He has a terrible diet and doesn’t exercise so I don’t think hygiene would be a priority either. I bet he doesn’t shower often or even brush before going to bed. I can just see it. Crusty poopy pants and dirty socks on the floor, pill bottles all over the night stand, orange smears all over the sheets. That’s probably what a staffer walks in on every morning to wake him up.
Hes the president of the united states for a few more months... Hes already legitimate... Hes been legitimate for four years. You sound like based red pill republicans who say Obama wasn't legitimate because, "He was born in kenya hur durr... His mom forged his birth certificate hur durr."
&gt; ZERO FUCKING CORPORATE IMMUNITY. End of story. If the GOP keep maintaining that poison pill for the bill, KILL IT WITH PREJUDICE. 

This right here.

What good will a one time payment of $1,200 do if you also legalize reckless homicide for employers so they can force them to their deaths?
ti:dr

A federal judge has denied the Trump administration’s request to reinstate a rule that would require women to visit a hospital, clinic or medical office to obtain an abortion pill during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Whether the bill has 'relief' for corporations or not is a negotiable point. Ideally, that aid to companies would be used to help keep their employees paid and the company surviving so people have jobs to go back to when things settle down. Realistically, we ALL know that the 'big corps' are going to be sucking up 99% of whatever of that aid is included in the bill. The GOP will make sure of that and it is a point the Democrats will have to go along with for the greater good. I can live with that (for now).

Aid to CITIZENS is a top priority though. Unemployment. Some stimulus to help those who need it. BUT..

ZERO FUCKING CORPORATE IMMUNITY. End of story. If the GOP keep maintaining that poison pill for the bill, KILL IT WITH PREJUDICE. There is ZERO justification for giving corporations ANY sort of legal immunity for their actions in the past year. None. Zip. Zero. The Republicans pushing that desire shows just how deeply they are in the pockets of big business and the Democrats should make that a hill to die on. Give the 'big boys' a little more money? Fine. We'll fix their taxes and so forth next year and going forward.. but legal immunity? NO. Absolutely-fucking-NO.
Oh man you're right. Elites are major coke-heads and pill poppers. They don't do "poor people drugs" but you never see any SWAT teams busting their doors down.
Yea, all too aware of all that now. It was not the XR. I don’t like taking any kind of pill now
At more than $30 per pill, a full course costs more than $3,000. It’s also not approved or readily available to the dirty peons. You have to apply to use it.

And I’ll say it again: it evidently isn’t helping the more than 3,000 Americans per day who are dying. Most of them never got a chance to get remdesivir.
Now, they're putting the Blue Pill in vaccines...
If it's impotent, there's a special blue pill for that. It's made by the company they can perhaps get a vaccine from, so they don't die from covid while protesting protective masks.
If Yang actually genuinely wants to be President someday, he'll stay well away from the mayor-ship of NYC, I personally don't mind NYC even if I find it a bit overrated compared to Tokyo, Singapore, etc. But the point is the Mayor of NYC is a dead end job, even here in solidly Democrat New Mexico many folks would find it a real hard pill to swallow to vote in a former Mayor of NYC as President. I think Yang would be better positioned in a Federal cabinet level position to spread his very well thought out ideas further.
Unfortunately, this bill does a lot more than just decriminalize marijuana.  There's a ton of extra stuff in it that makes it a poison pill for many to swallow.  It would be easier to pass if it was strictly focused on decriminalization.
It's like a lot of things, there is a fine line and a gray area. The rationale to throw away all this food didn't just come from thin air, and these food producers are obviously not in a rush to just throw away otherwise saleable food that could be sold, all of these policies and procedures are and have been borne out of the best idea at the time....but At the same time telling a person who's food insecure that not only do we have a ton of food waste but it's also a better idea to just throw it away, that would be a bitter pill to swallow.
The kulaks were not just wiped out; many served in WW2 for the USSR and all political restraints on them were removed. It seems quite authoritarian to even have restrained them at all, but they were actively harming the people and refused to back down. Part of why communism is such a hard pill to swallow is that it's difficult to accept that some things are necessary for the good of the people. Dekulakization was, in the end, a good thing for the people. Machiavellian but more like switching the trolley onto the track with just one person instead of a million.
Nah, she was on some kind of pill, not alcohol. Still trashed, just not in the normal sense.
It didn't have worker relief, it didn't have Stimulus checks, it ignored anything the Dems had put in several bills rotting on the Senate's docket... and most importantly, the Republican's "offering" has a poison pill by which corporations cannot be sued for forcing employees to work in dangerous conditions that result in them getting covid-19. Not hard to understand if you're reasoning in good faith, but your loaded question clearly is an indication that's not how you argue.
I'm a different poster than the ones above, so I'm not saying whether it's good or not. Just explaining why YouTube doesn't take down stuff like weightloss pill videos.
That's exactly what this bill does. It contains the poison pill Pelosi made a big show of resisting for 6 months while people starved. And now, she's gladly swallowing it, for seemingly no reason. A month before we potentially take back the senate.

I wonder what billionaires are paying her.
Mcconnell also could have brought to floor either of the two bills pelosi passed through the house. She shot down the 1.8T because of employer liability shields. The poison pill buried the entire bill.

And PPP did save a lot of small businesses, I'm not debating that. The issue is that oversight was gotten by the white house and entities such a churches, large corporations, and groups invested in our politicians received funds. Hell, I think Kushner's real estate company and the trump org received them.
Which pill will you take?
You’re making the argument they want you to make. They put just enough in there to get people to say ‘but it’s something and we’re starving!’ Despite the poison pill in the meal
Someone still thinks the US government works “for the people”. Is he ready for the truth?

*cracks open case with one red and one blue pill*.
You're exactly right.  No more concessions to bad-faith Republicans.  No more corporate bailouts.  Focus on the people.  No one can pay rent, buy food, get help from debts with McConnell's poison pill.  Sanders, Warren, etc won't vote for it anyway.  A stimulus also helps the economy.
Yup, when SNL had her pegged as a drunk, I was like.. nope . Pill puppet over here.

Edit* my eyes are bad.
Social workers certainly are not a magic pill, and cops are absolutely needed. You're also right that I was  being hyperbolic in implying premiums would be similar. However, with a smaller, more well educated, and more narrowly focused police department wages could be raised offsetting the additional cost.
&gt; That's no reason to rush it they still have until January 20th to rush through as many appointments as they want, and if they lost the senate they'd still have until the beginning of January session.

They pushed the envelope of what is acceptable with pushing her through, waiting till after the election would have been a lot harder of a pill to swallow for a lot of them. For the republicans this had nothing to do with Trump winning the election, they wanted her for other reasons and they *knew* after the election they wouldn't get this chance. They told Trump whatever they had to to get him to go along, just like they have been doing all along.
It would put him completely out of the spotlight, ambassador’s do important work but it is not a good resume builder for someone that ambitious. He would be completely out of the decision making and take any blame for the continuing deterioration of US China relations. This is a poison pill and honestly he’d be better off being snubbed. Still really hoping Biden will do right and acknowledge the lgbt community with him as the first out cabinet Secretary and try to lift up a rising star instead of having more Obama leftovers in cabinet
There's unemployment benefits, but I agree this is a poison pill.
I’m sure it happens but your job isn’t to routinely take them into custody against their will so your premiums don’t reflect that. If anything what you say just shows that no matter how much you try deescalating something it can still spiral into violence and that social work isn’t a magic pill.  Having to force people into handcuffs who don’t want to go is going to result in injuries regardless of how carful you are people have pre existing conditions people have prior injuries people just sometimes land wrong and those people sue when they get hurt.  Hell people who point guns at cops and get shot get sued and get payouts because it’s just cheaper to settle and even a must settle clause in an policy causes rates to go up.
It’s a disease,....if you can’t give ‘em a pill, and you can’t talk them out if....what do you do with these people. Because sometime soon these people are gonna flip out, and try to kill everyone. They will kill innocent people, bad people, good people, young people, old people, between people....and in the end ....Kill themselves. This has happened before in history, but not on this scale. A line must be drawn somewhere, and this is obviously not the time to be soft with them. Their everywhere, of every race, and religion. What is the answer, and please don’t be weak this time around like all of our ancestors did because this is global. It will not end well if we fail.
That's a feature not a bug.

for the last 40 years people like Mitch McConnell and Grover Norquist have done everything in their power to dismantle government. they don't want there to be an America they want forced labor at their companies to maximize profit. 

so yeah it will never really backfire for them. they get into office with the claim that government will never work and they prove it. not because government can't work but because they poison pill legislation they systematically defund functioning government programs they waste taxpayers money at the highest magnitude in order to prove their point. 

The people that are too stupid to understand what's happening aren't going anywhere. somehow Trump found an extra couple million people that seen this clusterfuck of four years and think that it's the way forward.

so they push a bunch of crazy nonsense they destabilize the government and for what. they know their corporate donors will fund any civil war that happens there's no way the progressives and Democrats can coordinate together in any meaningful. 

The fascists will win that war no question.
Pence will have to get a blue pill from mother to be able to nail anything!
Vote that dirt bag out RIGHT NOW! You hear me? You ALL hear me? Go go go! Okey, going to take my chill pill now.
What are they going to do? Everyone chew a cyanide pill at the same time? That would be...horrible. /s
The cynic in me says that they denied it not because they dont agree (im sure that covid barret would be thrilled to hand the election to trump), but rather they tossed it because trump has no logical argument. It would be an extremely tough pill to swallow, even for a bunch of religious zealots like the SC
Yes, they are correct but that’s not what I was doing there. I was making a joke about the fact that they *actually* think they’ve taken the red pill.
They have to research what kind  advertisement will make patients nag their doctors. 
Can you imagine a world were people could be ok with getting a pill that is chemically the same as the more expensive kind but  doesn’t have a expensive logo.
They need to hire a Slogan guy, I know a few that I'll give there number to, but "defund the police" at face value is a tough pill to swallow
Sanders and others are already hammering.  They said they will not support corporate immunity and require payments to Americans.  They will not sign this poison pill relief bill.
They're being shit on for accepting a bill with the corporate liability poison pill.
I feel we’ll be in this state until January 20th when Trump is finally kicked out by security. Every time I try to chill and not think about the election fallout, something drastic happens that obviously will lead to nowhere but just makes me even more sad. Still to this day Trump and everyone at his rallies truly believe they won and think they have a chance to overturn the election. Just search “Texas Supreme Court” on Twitter and see how they are all abuzz about it.

January 20th will be a tough pill to swallow for them, provided rumors of Trump having his own inauguration aren’t true. How will he explain him not being in the White House anymore beyond January 20th and this other old man running the country? Will their heads explode trying to reason? Will they give up and go straight to beginning the campaigns for 2022 (probably the best thing they could do now) and 2024?

Besides this, December 14th might be the beginning of the end also as that is when the electors in the Electoral College finally do their duty based on how each state voted. I heard even with that the Trump lawyers weren’t worried about that, but I just don’t see how you go back from even that but as with everything in the past month, we’ll see what the new excuse is for continuing all of this.
Clearly an intentional act.  A poison pill they created prior to the election in case Biden won.  Had Trump won, I'm sure he'd have just called it fake news and moved on.
Most people think "Ah yes, less government!" because they've been told to hate the government. The reality is that the government is the people's power against other countries *and companies*. Many companies have more money than entire countries do and certainly more power.

I would argue the biggest issue with government is that it's too cozy with corporations and private interests. But, when Libertarians and Republicans say they want fewer regulations, it's quite literally just giving all the power to the corporations and private interests.

The fix is to actually give the government claws. Enact a government structure that can get what we the people want out of it.

A great example of this is universal healthcare. What most countries with universal healthcare do is have a department that collectively bargains on behalf of the citizens for drugs. Quite simply, they have the bargaining power of 100% of citizens as leverage. A pill costs $1/pill (after all costs including R&amp;D). In the UK they pay $1.50/pill and the US it costs $10/pill. This isn't even an exaggeration as sometimes the US pays literally 100x what other countries do for the same thing.

What a US universal healthcare program could do is say "No, the UK is smaller and we have more people and more pill poppers. You want access to our 330,000,000 customers? We get it for $1.40/pill. Either take that or we go with your competitor."

It's EXACTLY how Walmart got cheaper and cheaper producers for their goods. It's how corporations operate because it's efficient. It's also why corporations hate regular people having collective bargaining power via unions.
I'd walk away from it as well with McConnell's poison pill
This article is garbage.  They cite Pelosi as saying this bill is better because does not have a problematic itme in it, but doesn't bother to tell you what that is.  Mitch has been slipping a poison pill into any bigger $$$ bill of granting blanket immunity to any business that does not bother to try to protect its workers.  That would allow businesses to ignore guidelines and force people to work in unsafe environments.

Also, this bill is explicitly just to avert a shutdown while negotiations on a larger bill continue.
We also are required by law to have 2-4+ years of schooling with intense clinical training. And if we make *ONE* med error, say giving IM K+ instead if a PO pill, it could easily result in your license having a permanent mark, suspended, or even revoked. You definitely get your god damn ass handed to you. There is no union backing us up. Nurses are quick to snitch on each other too. And we are required by law to keep up on our training, tb tests/cxr, check ups, bls/acls, drug screens, and license renewal, etc- most comes our of pocket for us. ...lol but 21 weeks and a gun at the end makes someone a cop? lol.
Yeesh take a chill pill
I pretty bitter fucking pill to swallow, seeing as there's a perfect storm of money to be made by reporting absolutely everything.
he thought taking the red pill just meant eating ALL the pills.
Vote against it and then add $3,500 direct payment to everyone. 

Listen to Republican cry about how dare the Democrats add a poison pill to such vital legislation...
Because fundamentally it is still a representative government.  It's a tough pill to swallow, but over the last 40 years the right has consistently had higher turnout than the left, epsecially in midterms.

That builds up incumbency and long term Senate seats.  Even with Trump's loss, the GOP gained a lot of seats.

Ultimately, if the left wants change, it needs to vote.
It is so obvious the answer to this:

\- Most people don't view politics like a cult nor worship leaders like a God like they do.

\- There's a PANDEMIC and democrats are more likely to listen to science and stay the fuck home. A virus doesn't give a shit about political background, it wants a host, any host.

\- Donald Trump has never had a popularity rating over 50%, he's lost the popular vote (bigly) twice. He's *hated*. He's unpopular. 

It's a hard pill for them to swallow because they're part of that cult. They don't have the ability to put themselves in other's shoes or understand how others think. It's "*I* think this way therefore *everyone* must too."
The liability protections for corporations is the poison pill here-pennies in aid, but massive handouts for corporations as usual. If this passes Dems will not only have to pass additional aid/stimulus, they'll have to REPEAL this bill to undo the damage.
technology is a lot more advanced lol. at least more than west-central florida, though i imagine it's even worse than florida's in places like the mid-west.

people are more chill, if you're where people grow weed. doesn't have to be legal.

biggest change, though, has to be prescription drugs. only in florida will you meet multiple families who keep pill-baskets on their kitchen counter. it's the prescription drug hub of the world, isn't too much like that across the continent.
"red pill" comes from the Matrix but I don't think that's the source of their philosophical framework, just the source of that particular metaphor. They seem much more "Fight Club" to me.
Too sad? Pill. Too happy? Pill. Life just not quite like you imagined? Pill. Fucking pathetic.
I agree with everything you said. At best, MSM had the tone of, "look at this goofy old grandpa!" At worst, they jumped in with Warren when she "revealed his sexist comment." 

I'm tired of MSM. I really am. I am very much a progressive, but I can't help but know what it feels like when conservatives complain about the MSM. When they talk about corruption with the DNC, I don't say, "NO U". I say, "you're on to something, but look behind you. It's the RNC, too." 

They're both corporatist parties. Citizens have been told to pick their favorite color, red or blue. If your favorite color is green, well, that's basically blue with some defects. That's where the MSM narrative is going towards progressives: democrats that need to be "corrected." 

It's all over the comment section, too. People are listening to CNN as the absolute end of discussion. I get the crazy pill thing. But hey, you're not alone.
They drank the red pill Koolaid and it is going to take a miracle for them to come out on the other side of the propaganda bullshit.
This is the point to be made here. Trump cares about crowds and appearing to be more popular than he really is because he is a stereotypical narcissist. Biden does care about appearing to be more popular than he already is because he isn’t based in his ego. If you can’t see this point, you are deep in the red pill cult.
No, this is the bipartisan proposal that's been in the news for a week now, because it's got the most support of any of the bills, and is being backed by Democrats, despite having the "poison pill" in it that they've been holding out against for 6 months now.

Are you doing this on purpose?
The people on those subs are all "red pill" (yes, toilet meth comes in red pill form now) reddit incels.  They're all about how reality isn't real and it's just what they believe that matters.  I mean, they borrow their core philosophical framework from a 90s action scifi movie, so it's not the highest quality shit.  But, it allows them to both KNOW that they're full of shit, and still believe that if they believe they AREN'T that somehow they'll just suddenly know kung fu.  Politics for morons isn't a science, it's just about loudly shouting your feelings.

You have to remember, these are the same people that saw Trump win in 2016.  They had the same dumpster logic back then, but lo and behold, it WORKED.  I can assure you, they've spent every day since Trumps election redoubling their fervent belief that they were going to get laid.  Sadly, Trump has lost, and they're going to die a virgin.  Neither of those things are changing.
Forest for the trees...

I wouldn’t brag about Obama’s economy like it was some sort of utopia. I would brag about the level headed competency that his admin showed that got us out of a historic economic recession and record unemployment. That happened all while being hamstrung by a senators who explicitly stated their only goal is to make Obama a one term president. The competency his admin applied for the sake of this country is sorely lacking in the GOP before and after Clinton and Obama. 

There is a clear difference between a “once in a lifetime recession” that has now happened TWICE under different republican administrations, and the relative prosperity reflected under the two most recent liberal administrations. 

Of course that prosperity wasn’t experienced equally... in the US it typically isn’t and hasn’t been for a while mostly thanks to the attitudes, think tanks, and partisanship one ONE SPECIFIC PARTY. One party in particular has been the champion of that inequality. 

But yea Clinton wasn’t a perfect god of a human being so let’s just call him Nixon...

No one is saying Democrats have solved or will solve all of your problems. They are not a magic pill, they are a big tent party full of very different people. Compare that to a scorched earth party like the GOP doing its thing. These two are not the same.

It’s ridiculous to act like Bill Clinton himself wrote the repeal to Glass-Steagall. A Congress full of elected politicians wrote that bipartisan effort.  
That doesn’t make it ok, doesn’t make EVERY detail of the clinton admin, his triangulation BS, or the general lax economic attitudes of both parties acceptable. **But it’s a pretty broad brush of liquid horse shit to paint both parties as waging a war. ** Especially considering that Democrats alone have been the sole voice trying to get those protections back. 

Of course every problem for the middle class isnt immediately solved in one administration. There is only so much that can be done when half of Congress questions your citizenship and there’s a “once in a lifetime” recession that came within a hairs breadth of shutting down ATMs. It is **absolutely** clear that had a republican been in charge at that time, we probably wouldn’t even have a middle class anymore. But yea both sides...
Public schools, drug issues (cities literally exist because of the drug trade), facilitating voter fraud, poverty rate is high and yet the state celebrates no taxes..., homelessness, center of pill epidemics, horrible heat (winnipeg has horrible cold) and hurricanes yet ignores global climate response.

I think that is enough.  It is the taint of the US.
No politician should amass or maintain an ultra wealthy status from their connections working as a public servant. I can care less if Jesus Christ himself did it, nobody should get a free pass.

It’s a hard pill to swallow but most politicians are greedy assholes and can care less about the people that make up this country.
Is she a pill head or just this dumb?
I guess you can think of it like this, if hammering bills monthly would have had an impact they, uhhh, would have fucking done it, don't you think? 

I think there's a logical fallacy where the person who is outside the situation feels like they have all of the answers. 

I'll repeat it again. The average American either doesn't know or doesn't care what the Democrats have done. So hammering bills monthly wouldn't have done anything. You give people ***WAY*** too much credit here. 

I'll give you the perfect example. In 2013, the Republicans caused the government shutdown. They shutdown the government by adding a poison pill amendment that killed Obamacare to a budget bill. Democrats in the Senate voted no (obviously) and the government went into shutdown for like a month. 

Surely. SURELY the Republicans would have lost big time for the 2014 elections, right? 

Hahaha. 

The Republicans gained seats in the House (they already had the House at this point). 

And gained a majority in the Senate. 

So uhhh, yea, the average American isn't paying attention to this shit.
David Perdue sold pain pills to kids and got them high on opiods. He's responsible for thousands of deaths in this country with his pill popping ways.
I mean listen I'm not thrilled with the apathetic centrist Democrat leadership right now either, but this isn't really a great issue to yell at them over. The house passed an amazingly broad relief pill months ago.
I always wonder how people get accidentally pregnant outside of marriage. Like. How often are you raw-dogging some random dude? Do people not know condoms exist? At least if it’s just, “After 99 times, the 100th finally broke my birth control record,” that’s just a statistical eventuality. But if you’re doubling up BC with condoms, spermicide, literally any two or more BC methods that work well together, *how*? At that point just do Plan B or the abortion pill, don’t be weird enough to assume your spouse will fall for that. 

It’s like I know some people aren’t the brightest bulbs but I’m still stunned at how careless people are about creating an extra human or risking getting HIV.
What missteps?  She was dealing with an obstructionist congress, and that covid relief she didn't accept was the one with a poison pill that said work could order you back, get you infected knowingly through their own negligence or intent, and you couldn't sue.  It's pretty reasonable not to want that.  That would kill people.  Lots of people.

Do you really think she should have accepted that?
An increased proliferation of guns is shown to cause more gun crime but not more crime overall

https://www.amjmed.com/article/S0002-9343(13)00444-0/pdf

&gt; Why not? Register them to discourage people from committing crimes with them.

&gt; You need to pay to register a vehicle, why not a firearm?

Because registration costs *money*. And the only people who can afford such registration would be the rich and normal people like me who don’t make bucketloads of cash. Additionally, in Murdock v. PA, taxation of a right can constitute infringement thereof.

Registering magazines is even more inane when you realize that people generally buy plenty of them for their guns because they’re designed as replaceable parts. They’re cheap. An NFA tax of $200 on a magazine that is only $7 is a tax of over 20x the original value. And when someone has bothered to maybe buy a few from a gun show or from a gun store on sale like a normal person, now they’ll end up being hit with thousands of dollars to pay up. And it’s not like any of us knew years ago this would be enacted. This would hit us all at once. 

And if taking the vehicle analogy, which is frankly a terrible one as cars ain’t a constitutional right, why can’t I go to the MVA or state police to get a shall-issue license to carry in public my lawfully acquired handgun everywhere from Annapolis to Anaheim? 

&gt; According to Biden it means high capacity,

Which to anybody who owns guns beyond break action shotguns like he does, it means “standard capacity”. Many states with mag bans and the original 1994 AWB had a limit on 10 rounds. 10 rounds is already below what many firearms have as standard. Plenty of full size handguns have 15 rounds as standard and many rifles have 30.

&gt; There is no need for high capacity magazines on any weapon

According to....? Who? You? If there’s no need why aren’t we forcing cops to abide by state magazine limit laws? They’re civilians too. 

Why should I be intentionally forced to use something that is inferior? For a home defense rifle it makes no sense to force me to run 10 round mags when I can run 30 rounders. Why should I be required to use 10 rounds of .40 S&amp;W when I could have 15 rounds of 9mm? 

Furthermore, as we have a right to arms, the question is not “does the citizen need it”, the question is more properly “does the state need to ban it?”. They are already in common lawful use and the benefits of such a ban are so poor that it cannot be justified. The courts have previously thrown out Cali’s state level magazine ban.

&gt;  I'm iffy on banning AR-15s and things like that, and as far as I'm aware that's not the plan

Again, I refer you to the original 1994 AWB, which targeted AR style rifles and Biden helped push through Congress. Oh and he’s been selected as Biden’s right hand man for [gun control](https://www.westernjournal.com/biden-announces-gun-control-czar-will-beto-orourke-wants-forcibly-seize-legal-guns/) and he’s the guy who said he wants to take our [AR15s](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7vEnTjs2RV0).

Banning them is furthest away from common sense when we tried the policy for 10 years and we learned that it didn’t work. The Task Force on Community Preventive Services found ["insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness”](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/pdf/rr/rr5214.pdf) of many firearms laws including AWBs. If it doesn’t even work it doesn’t come close to meetinh the standard for strict scrutiny

&gt; Although I'm pretty sure Biden's plans offer the ability for these weapons to be grandfathered in

&gt; Which would mean you could keep them as long as you already own them.

Nope that ain’t the plan. Existing ones are to be registered or to be bought “back” by a government that never owned them to begin with. New production is to be banned. Biden’s [gun plan](https://joebiden.com/gunsafety/) does not allow grandfathering unlike the old AWB. I can only own them if I fork over the money.


Also, Biden’s proposed treatment of assault weapons mirrors the treatment of machine guns. New manufacture of machine guns has been banned since 1986 under the Hughes Amendment, intended as a poison pill to FOPA. Do you have any idea how much money an M16 costs? The cheapest, shittiest automatic guns you can get already cost $7000. It’s likely the same would happen to existing assault weapons

Additionally biden’s gun plan bans online sales of firearms, parts, kits, and ammo. Mail order direct to doorstep firearm sales to non licensed individuals has been banned since the passage of the GCA 1968 and the process for purchasing firearms online and at the store still both require your physical presence at the store and passing a background check

&gt; It's not. There's no plan in place to take guns outright.

Yeah just bullying people who can’t pay up into surrendering their guns for chump change.

&gt; Just restrict guns to people who should have them,

If I can’t pay several thousand dollars to keep the stuff I lawfully owned and passed background checks for, why shouldn’t I have them? I’m not otherwise a felon, a domestic abuser, mentally ill, dishonorably discharged from the military, or otherwise fulfill prohibited person criteria under the Gun Control Act 1968.
I really don't give a shit why, I only give a shit about the fact that no matter what they have to. They're gonna have to swallow a very large and uncomfortable pill, and I'm here to watch them tickle their gag reflexes on every foot of it.
Can’t even read the article on mobile because independent is a POS. Keeps redirecting me to some ad about a weight loss pill.
pfe didn't explode off of vaccine news, their affiliate bntx did.   its much harder to move the needle on a 200 billion dollar dick pill company.
&gt;I wonder if the US has completely lost touch with reality

This was the logical conclusion of McCarthyism. You have the people at the time who do everything in their power to stop a system different from theirs spread lies for decades. Now you have a generation that was raised on the fear rooted in those lies in control of everything, but not conscious of how much was a lie and how much was true. The concept of objective truth is gone in America, people believe things without evidence and not only is that okay its encouraged. 

For exanple, how many times has Kim Jong Un died this past year? How many times have you heard the words "sealed enditement?" How many times have you heard people love their Amazon jobs when they literally get worked to death, and then people get up and say they shouldn't form a union to exert some leverage? Truth doesn't matter, material conditions have become separated from politics, insert Black Pill here.
The real spicy pill is that McCains answer also sucked. He seemed to think being a Muslim means you can’t be a good person.
You’re comparing 2 different laws. This would be more like one was murdered with a knife while the other was murdered by a pill.
It’s also a hard pill to swallow when state leadership can’t even follow their own rules.
People who support him vary in their defects. Some go because they're racist; some because they want to be part of something that will accept them regardless of flaws; some are single issue (mostly abortion and guns) voters; some want someone to hate and republicans have mastered the art of creating false enemies. 
  
And sure, most are idiots. But even then it seems like something else gives them the first push ("red pill").
Eh it still depends on the person. I know a couple people who are all about these and believe the QAnon/Matrix type conspiracy theories.  Because they “opened their mind and took the red pill” These drugs don’t suddenly make you the type of “woke” that benefits society in all cases.
Okay, what am I looking at and what does a pain pill addiction do to your eyes/face to make people go “oh yeah, there’s an obvious one”
Dems and those who vote for them don’t refer to themselves as “leftists”. That’s a winger term. 

As for Nancy turning down Mitch’s poison pill, well it contained blanket immunity for corporations who don’t do due diligence and protect their workers from COVID. How would you like to be told you have to go into work or lose your job, yet you know your company isn’t even doing the minimalist amount to protect you? 

That is slavery. But, Mitch likes slavery.
Only the best people, Not to be rude most the Trump die hards I have known/met have trouble holding a job. Have a job they barely do. Are on ssi/disability for an odd reason or mental reason. A dad/authority issue complex, Watch too much trashy tv. Too much social media. Andalmost all are heavy boozers or pill abusers. A lot are combinations of he above.

And a lot of their lives are a Jerry Springer show wreck
It also makes it impossible to miss votes or deflect on the proverbial poison-pill virtue signaling because they're so narrow. They'll have to specifically defend not supporting a specific thing. That doesn't comport with staying in office. 

Our founders saw the danger in partisanship and career politicians. They were all tradesmen expected to do service to their statesmen and go home in honor to resume their lives.
We shouldn't be conciliatory. We shouldn't listen to them when it comes to solutions, nor what they think are the problems.

But it would be very wise to look at the very real problems they do have and address those as well as we can and by our own moral lights.

This is not a healthy group for the US. It isn't one that I feel comfortable leaving behind because that illness unchecked can kill this country, and it has largely been unchecked.

We need to reach out, not in words but in programs and actions. Many parts of the country that voted Republican are smaller cities and rural areas. Many of those lack connections into the wider world in the form of decent road, rail, and broadband. Further, the higher education people can get remove their smartest from those communities never to return. Funding those smaller colleges in rural America, is both an economic boon to those areas and helps keep the intellectual drain down.

We also need healthcare in the form of non-religious hospitals that can handle those patients generally as close to home as possible. Again, economic boon, also a community builder. 

The same goes for a lot of state and national government functions that have been put in big cities often for economic savings, but also removes those people and those functions from those parts of the nation. 

We have to expand local banking, and rural food deserts, the absence of which kills rural communities. 

We need to do all of this in ways that show not bipartisanship but democrats working for them, and focusing on their issues as we see them. 

Democratic Rural Broadband Bill, Democratic Rural Banking Bill. 

Yes, we need a lot of these things in big cities too, but it really helps if the democrats had more buy in into the Democratic party and its policies than we currently do. And these are all things we do want for them. 

They are policies the democratic left should be proud to support. Not a cop out to the Joe Manchin center which is a poison pill for America.

Condemn their racism and all the bigotries, condemn their anti-election dictatorship rhetoric. But please don't leave them behind, instead pull them forward the best we can.
Pain pill addiction
Coup de Pill
I'd imagine some sort of pill that suburbanite women are known to abuse.
I’m trying to find the video of the woman lip syncing over Carone’s booze/pill addled testimony...  anyone know what I’m talking about?
She seems to permanently be in a state of wine drunk or pill drunk or both.
I'm glad there are at least a few people with integrity on the right. I wish they would open their eyes to the corruption in the Republican party though, and red-pill themselves over to the Left.
Reality is a tough pill to swallow no matter what side of the aisle you’re on.

So either you become a jaded doomer leftist, or an alt right conspiracy theorist. Until neo-liberalism dies and we restore social safety nets to the working class, we’re fucked.
Also, the birth control trails on Puerto Rican women during the 1950s. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contraceptive_trials_in_Puerto_Rico


“Delia Mestre is one of the Puerto Rican women who unknowingly participated in the trial that made the pill possible. For Mestre, it is difficult to think of the experiments under which she and hundreds of other women acted as human guinea pigs to test a pill that would ultimately benefit mainly rich white women on the mainland of the United States. When asked about how she felt about her participation in the experiments, Delia Mestre explained that “"the experiments were both good and bad. Why didn't anyone let us make some decisions for ourselves?" she asked, her eyes welling with tears. ‘I have difficulty explaining that time to my own grown children. I have very mixed feelings about the entire thing"’.[29] Unfortunately, Mestre and the other women involved in the trials did not have a choice as to whether or not they wanted to be participants in the sexual revolution that was occurring within the continental United States. Instead, the bodies and wellbeing of impoverished and uneducated women were sacrificed for those of white women and male scientists who deemed the pill a victory in the fields of science and society.”
It only include payments for large companies, nothing for individuals, and has a poisoned pill in the bill, granting immunity to all corporations for any covid related liabilities.
&gt;Fauci was one of the leading researchers during the AIDS epidemic in the early 1980s.[19] In 1981, he heard of the virus, and he and his team of researchers began looking for a vaccine or treatment for this novel virus, though they would meet a number of obstacles.[20] In October 1988, protesters came to the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Fauci, who had become the institute's director in 1984, bore the brunt of the anger from the LGBTQ community, who were largely ignored by the government.[1][21]

&gt;Leading AIDS activist Larry Kramer attacked Fauci relentlessly in the media.[22] He called him an "incompetent idiot" and a "pill-pushing" tool of the medical establishment. Fauci did not have control over drug approval though many people felt he was not doing enough. Fauci did make an effort in the late 1980s to reach out to the gay community in New York and San Francisco to find ways he and the NIAID could find a solution.[1] Though Fauci was initially admonished for his treatment of the AIDS epidemic, Fauci's work in the community was eventually acknowledged; Kramer, who had spent years hating Fauci for his treatment of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, eventually called him "the only true and great hero" among government officials in the AIDS crisis.[1]
&gt;Sanders objected to giving "legal immunity to corporations"

The republicans keep putting this poison pill in the bill.  I fucking hate the republicans.  They only care about corporations and billionaires.
The liability protection is entirely unacceptable. I would rather lose everything and be homeless than swallow that poison pill. Anyone who votes for it as is won't ever have my support.
Take the blue pill and still lose your election!
She acts just like my pill head ex girlfriend.
“...Russell also found the testimony of experts provided by the Trump campaign “was of little to no value at all,” and he ordered the campaign to pay the Democrats’ financial cost of defending against the lawsuit.”

Trump supporters will love that. They never figured that they would be chipping-in for Biden’s defense of Trump’s BS Fraud claims.

“.. Democrats argued the challenge did not identify a single voter who allegedly committed fraud, nor did it provide any other evidence to warrant overturning the will of the majority of Nevada’s 1.4 million voters...”

That’s the crux of it. When fantasies meet reality, fantasy holds no-sway in reality and is not admissible in a court of law in leu of evidence. A hard pill to swallow for those who not only choose to live in fantasy, but demand all others do also. In real-reality every-single one of these “fraud” claims would be backed up by a real-investigation into the acts of a real person, followed by a real prosecution.

Screaming “fRAUd! fraUd! FRAud!! Fraud! FRAUD!!” On Fox and other such purveyors of utter tripe, does not a single-case of fraud make.
Normally you can just look at the bullet points of the bill and see why the GOP doesn't want it.

&gt;establishes a trust fund to support various programs and services for individuals and businesses in communities impacted by the war on drugs

A trust fund that funnels money from all over America into the 'inner city' communities is a big pill for the GOP to swallow.

Edit: [source](https://www.congress.gov/bill/116th-congress/house-bill/3884)
Moscow Mitch keeps putting his "oligarchs won't be accountable for the deaths they cause" poison pill in.

The GOP has almost no motivation to reach a deal other than appeasing Georgians and that's not enough for them to turn on their corporate masters.

They **do** have a motivation to make Americans suffer and starve.

Their slavering base will believe them when they say it's the Democrats' fault.

People are angry and giving them a target will sway voters. Stupid ones, sure, but the pandemic spread has shown us we've got more than enough of those.
I agree with most of the things she says, but I don’t really enjoy how polarizing it is as a “news” product.

I actually can’t watch it because it’s like a Fox News pill that’s packaged so I can swallow it.
Yes republicans prefer uppers and downers in pill form ONLY
Man that shit subreddit the red pill is so hilarious, those guys need some goddamn manual to get with a woman. Dude relax, be yourself, if she likes you she likes you that's it! It's really pathetic.
Trump wanted Shelton as a “poison pill” who would vote to ramp up rates (i.e. slow down the economy) for a Democratic administration.   

Granted she’d only be one voice of 7 (or 14), but last thing needed would be another Trump saboteur waiting in the economic wings.  Shame on most Republican Senate for even considering her (Harris had to return to the Senate for a vote against when some Republican Senators caught COVID and now AZ’s Sen Kelly will provide more protection).
Good lord you conservatives are so easy to convince you might as well be children. Do you really think a liberal cabal smart enough to fabricate thousands of ballots is too dumb to notice the security cameras above their fucking heads? 

The ballots were already opened with conservative poll watchers present. It was later in the night and pill watchers left out of their own free choice while the rest of the opened ballots were scanned, as there cannot be any ballots in scanned before they left. The poll watchers could’ve stayed but didn’t because they already were there for those ballots being opened. This is regular procedure being propped up as grandiose scheming because the American public is wildly uneducated on how the election process works. 

Look for evidence before making a claim, stop trying to find videos to prove your preconceived notions. No one would be upset by this unless they sought for it to prove their conspiracy theories.
The public option is a poison pill.

Democrats will allow insurers to dump their most expensive patients onto a paid-premium Medicare public option managed by UnitedHealth. In 4 years, they will point to it and say “looks like it won’t work here.”

How can anyone not see this coming based on their previous behaviour.

Don’t be fooled by any neoliberal talking about the public option. Centrists don’t support policy that doesn’t enrich the donors.
Can you expanding that? Is he a pill head?
I have to agree. My mom was/is a pain pill addict and she acted exactly like this women before she got into the harder drugs. Their behavior is scarily similar.
BJG and David Sirota are yesmen to a populist. Its a hard to swallow pill but in time it gets easier to accept.
IOTW its like following the White Rabbit into the Rabbit hole and eventually taking the Red Pill.  I know this because I saw this in the Matrix 20 years ago.
And a rail because don’t want to be too smooth... and maybe another pill...
Had a family member become obsessed with the idea that helicopters were scoping out their home and could hear them whirring in the air (in dead silent conditions outside). Meth induced paranoia is no joke.

I've had clients when I worked CPS tell me 100% seriously about all sorts of batshit insane things they genuinely believed. 

Dont smoke meth. There's drugs that'll damage your brain, and then there's meth that rots all semblance of coherent or sane thought while destroying your body. I can understand weed, LSD, alcohol, even pill popping, but I dont even want to be in the same building as meth. That shit disgusts me. It and heroin are tied for "absofuckinglutely never" (heroin because of how quickly it 0-100 can steamroll you down the addiction spiral).
&gt; There are a decent amount of people who don't actually know either parties platform.

A decent amount of people will just take political ads on TV at face value . Uber showed this in CA with their prop which they flipped from unpopular to popular despite the bill having a poison pill
They are correct though. Yes, in this case these amendments are things that will help people and most consider good. But we shouldnt have to wait for giant “un-failable” bills to pass these kinda of things. We SHOULD be able to work together like adults and pass things for the good of the country and its people - things like student debt relief and protecting federal lands - without attaching it to our defense spending bill. Obviously some laws are going to be lengthy and dense reading depending on scope and subject. But how many congresspeople actually have the time to sit and read all of the laws they are signing off on? Constantly adding amendments to laws either as a poison pill or as pork barrel probably does way more harm than good.
considering the fact that liberals are in control of the majority of media conglomerates, they really have no idea of how public opinion can change on a divisive issue through grassroots movements and the fact that opinions on policies and slogans can change drastically through actual campaigns to change them.

you guys managed to make the singularly most popular civil unrest movement in america’s history into a poison pill. good job.
Wouldn't they be able to smell the alcohol on her?

My initial guess is that she took some pill/drug. She's definitely intoxicated.
It’s not editorialized. It’s a hard pill to swallow.
Millennial. Everything in my life is perfect. I've got a wife and a beautiful child. I've got a job that lets me buy decent health insurance. I've got a reasonable mortgage payment on a house in an OK neighborhood. I just made my last student loan payment two months ago. I am able to work from home.

Even with all this, I'm mostly just sad all the time. 

Sad because I fucking hate my job. It brings me no professional or personal satisfaction, and I work in an industry I consider to be fundamentally immoral - finance. I hate it but I'm too much of a coward to do anything about it like finding a new job, so I'm sad about being a pussy.

Sad about my child's future, his schooling opportunities in this dog shit state of Kentucky. Sad about him being surrounded by fascist hillbilly pill addicts. Sad for his children and their children living in an ever warming world that is growing more authoritarian every day.

I see so clearly that the system is rigged against all of us except for a few fabulously wealthy who bend reality and truth to their will and I just feel so hopeless and defeated.

So mostly I just feel without worth and like a complete spineless wimp. There's so much suffering that I can see plainly every day and I'm not doing anything to stop it. I'm not even do anything to make my own life better, I'm just so tired.

I think being sad and hopeless is just part of our generation.
I grew up with a lot of alcohol and drug addiction in my house, not only does this lady seem drunk that Sidney Powell lady seems like she’s suffering from long term pain pill addiction.
Eat some more pills, pill head.
Bruised ego. Party wasn’t rejected...instead he was rejected. Tough pill to swallow.
&gt;100% business meal tax deduction

&gt;$0 for unemployment boost and direct payments.

Unacceptable poison pill.
I want that pill! Gimme dat pill!
&gt;That's mind-boggling. Like, it was his own bill, and he could have put anything in it - if he wanted the Democrats to vote it down, why make it something they would support?

You know that cliche about how evil can't understand good?  In psychological terms it's "people with narcissistic tendencies project everything and can't believe you wouldn't behave exactly as they do" and in political terms, it's "reactionaries and radicals can't believe that anyone could really be a moderate."

This was about the time that the Democrat-in-the-street was starting to twig to the GOP's standard plays and we'd start getting more angry at HIM than at the Dems voting against it if he'd tried to sell a poison pill in bad faith like that, and he wanted to prove to US that our Senators were just as bad as he was--this was an attempt to get the Democrats to self-sabotage through knee-jerk partisanship, based on the projection of his own worldview onto them, and it backfired because, unlike him, they're not bad-faith actors out to *sabotage and destroy* the system for their own gain, though most of them probably do *use* the system as it is to their advantage in non-system-destroying ways.
Muhfucker took that limitless pill.
The public option is actually a better form of getting care. M4A is great for politicians because they get to say they passed a sweeping bill. But, the funds won’t be there for actual good care. We’ll get coverage but not care, and that’s why people turned against ACA. What people don’t know about healthcare is that if it isn’t treated by a blood test and generic pill, they’ll deny care.
Still has the poison pill of corporate protections. Does not offer much for workers at all.
&gt;in the 90's the UK switched a common pill used for suicide from bottle to blister packs.  you could buy all the pills still but needed to spend the time popping them out to get a lethal dose.

Yeah, I can see how that would have been tough without scissors.
in the 90's the UK switched a common pill used for suicide from bottle to blister packs.  you could buy all the pills still but needed to spend the time popping them out to get a lethal dose.  usage for that pill dropped significantly because people come to their senses before the task finishes.

if there was a machine that was painless and instantly killed you, but you had to sit in it for an hour before it worked, it wouldn't be used that often.  a lot of people would get in it, but after 5-10 minutes they'd get out and realize the mistake they were making.
Not sure which stereotype you’re referring to, as I referenced two distinct stereotypes.  I will say that I’ve traveled and lived all over the world.  I’ve lived in countries with extreme poverty and war, something most people on here couldn’t even fathom.

I will say those of us in trades making $30+/hr aren’t the ones crying for government help right now.

While people were rioting we were working overtime buying our 2nd/3rd house.

Life is full of choices and at some point individuals need to start taking responsibility for those choices and stop playing victim and expecting a system of government which was never designed to be your personal safety net to solve all your financial problems.  It’s literally called being an adult.

I know, it’s a hard pill to swallow.  The truth usually is.
Cowards in bulk can still be dangerous. You do not want to fall on the ground in a protest, you will get kicked around, I had a cracked ribs and bruises you wouldn't believe from getting stuck in Cleveland in the 2001 riot. Hated business trips ever since.

And it doesn't take bravery to pill a trigger from a block away, or from behind a tree or van. It takes bravery to advance on a line of people with baseball bats and improvised riot shields.
Yeah I wish younger democrats would grab co tell of the party and promote Bernie type candidates, though it’s tough to find folks with the requisite charisma (Bernie has it but is too old). Buttigieg and Yang could be an interesting ticket. Buttigieg being gay may complicate winning on a national scale unfortunately, and Yang being Asian could hurt to a lesser degree (imagine the baseless China-controlling-Yang conspiracies that would abound, and gay satan Alex Jones bullshit for Buttigieg, and of course AOC immigrant nonsense, etc. Bernie being a Jew wasn’t helpful either.. where have all us true white boys gone? Oh yeah most of us are pill  addicts with no motivation). And women face an even more uphill battle, unless they are extremely charismatic and have little to be attacked on. We need a young Bernie time machine, maybe Larry David can figure something out. And make him Christian while he’s at it. Well shit maybe I should just run, I’ll be old enough a few years. Oh yeah I’m a drug addict nvm, prob not the best idea. Well how bad could I be? Longdongseanjohn69 for prez 2024!
Only 2 tho. And he has to take a pill
When my wife had a seizure and I had to call an ambulance I got a $2200 dollar bill in the mail within a week for what amounts to: a 3 minute drive to my house, 10 minutes of asking me if she's suicidal because there was an old empty pill bottle sitting out, a simple blood sugar test, making her walk to the ambulance and hop in, about a 1 mile drive to the hospital.   Maybe if their billing was based on reality and not greed people would actually be able to pay them and not need aid to do so.
Kinda makes you wonder what kind of leverage Biden has that could make Barr flip this hard. He was never in the running for Biden AG, I doubt he has any concerns about his career going forward, and he doesn't seem like the kind of guy who gives a half a shit about public perception. Someone in the Biden camp has something powerful enough to make Barr turn on someone he has spent quite a lot of energy protecting. That or the GoP don't want him to be a poison pill in the future, so they are forcing him to about face so they can reinstall him in a future administration that isn't a practice run.
Lots of pill poppin Trump worshipers driving rigs...
Moscow Mitch will put his "no accountability for the oligarchs" poison pill into it and it'll die before seeing a vote as a result.

He has no interest in making things easier on Americans because that's one less fire that they can blame Biden for.
Does she realize what she is saying...or has she taken the RED pill?
They saved the poison pill for the end:  "The plan also provides short-term federal protection from coronavirus-related lawsuits."

OSHA be damned. So if you contract covid on the job and die, you are outta luck.
The GOP was saying they cant entertain the house bill because of poison pills. Every GOP lead effort, either from the WH or the Senate has included the corporate liability poison pill. The dem poison pill MIGHT help illegals. The GOP poison pill WILL hurt workers and protect corporations. Take it as you will.
The White House offer before the election also included the GOP poison pill of corporate immunity
Do they all think this works like birth control? 

Pop a pill to cover your bases before you go get fucked?
You're right. Eating pizza with a fork is a total beta male blue pill thing to do.
Oh boy.  You sound like you’ve swallowed his poison pill deep.  

Trump?  Trump has absolutely done business in China.  He was shown to have paid out over $180k in Chinese taxes between ‘13-‘15.  He was forced to disclose that he did, indeed, have a Chinese bank account.  And Forbes analysts suggest a Chinese bank paid Trump Int’l over $5 million WHILE he was sitting President for leasing space in one of his towers.

Have you been paying attention...?  Trump has been actively inciting, encouraging and support far-right militia groups.  One of those just tried to kidnap and kill a Governor.

Why would you think that Trump supports small business when he has offered big business bailout/support time and again...?  He had so many chances to step up and lead a national Covid response so that small businesses did not suffer as they have and continue to do...instead he has politicised the hell out of the situation.  He completely dropped the ball on small businesses when this pandemic hit.  

Show me how Biden has supported defunding the police...?  Go ahead, I’ll wait.  What he has actually said is that there is need for police reform.  Can you look at what’s happened in the past two years and honestly tell me that you don’t think there is need for reform?  

Anyways, this doesn’t really matter since we had an election and Trump lost.
There’s always a poison pill in any strictly republican legislation.
15 million to start maybe more amnesty once the dem stranglehold sets in (and those 15 mil people get to bring in their relatives who will also vote and mostly go straight on the dole).

But the dems will probably lose everything when the Little poison Pill the Founders have in the Constitution to handle such as them kicks in and the lefty tyrants face a new revolution they cant survive.

.
It's not as bad as people are making it out be. The MSM is circling the drain and they are gonna try to take a lot of people down with them. These journos are in the midst of a moral panic as people stop listening and they lose their jobs. Obviously, this is a very damaging segment of the population to have go through a mass hysteria, and they are pushing many people to normalize (previously unthinkable) undemocratic ideas around free speech. Naturally, they are too proud to correct course, and the more alarmist and messianic they become, they more they speed their demise. One thing about censorship is that you make dissident ideas very seductive when people find what has been hidden, so it has much more "red pill" impact. We are going through a rocky transition right now, but things will stabilize and we'll get to a new Overton window.
Too bad they stole the red/blue pill thing because it would be perfect right now.
He must be pretty fucking nervous about Georgia. You’ll know he’s truly nervous if he lets Covid relief pass without the liability poison pill.
What. The. Fuck. Is this real life? Can I take that red pill now please?
All of the right-wing social media propaganda scares me the most. It can spread so easily thanks to how algorithms thrive on anger/emotional clicks, and a lot of right-wing arguments are emotionally charged instead of fact driven. It's so easy to get sucked down a YouTube wormhole of shitty arguments presented in a well-edited video that makes the pill easier to swallow. Everyone is susceptible. 

And what's even scarier is that there's probably someone on Parler or the conservative subreddit talking about the same thing I am, but saying it's left-wing propaganda we have to look out for.

It's a problem that's only going to grow, but addressing it could potentially have some dangerous first amendment implications. What's more disturbing is that I don't see anyone presenting a clear plan for tackling it, and I'm afraid that "improve our education system" might be a too little, too late answer.
This is a great point if the Senate was guaranteed to have equal levels of hostility to any and every program.  Maybe I'll hit myself in the head with a hammer and you'll start making sense.

More seriously, the decision payoff is clear here.  If the Democrats take the Senate in Georgia, they will need every vote on board, and thus have to adjust to the most conservative Democrat, looking to be Manchin this time.  Going further left would be a poison pill.

If the Democrats don't take the Senate in Georgia, they have to adjust to the most liberal of the Republicans.   So, ugh, Collins?  And maybe that works.  But in a world where they all hide behind McConnell and do nothing, which is possible, that happens no matter *who* you nominate, so it's a wash.

Literally the only decision to go further left is to claim a supposed moral high ground for failings, and that's only a reasonable option if you've already given up on future races.  Save that defeatist loser-attitude for your next primary.
I mean, to be fair, an unfortunate reality is that people on both the left and the right really do expect executions and imprisonment of politicians they disagree with. How many "Trump should be hung for treason" or sealed-indictment conspiracy theories about Trump and his administration have you read on here?

There were a lot of Republicans who were genuinely surprised that Clinton didn't get indicted for illegally running an email server that mishandled classified information. And there will be a bunch of shocked people on the left when Trump doesn't end up in prison. 

Some people need to take a chill pill and realize that American politics is about the lawful and peaceful transfer of power, not executing or imprisoning people you disagree with.
Or the pill bottle.
Going to be a tough pill to swallow for some conservatives considering Sater's history as a pedophile and child porn charges. But realistically probably not, the same Qtards will probably cheer it.


You literally just described the "progress so slow it doesn't keep up with how fast things get worse" incrementalist poison pill that the democratic party has been feeding us for decades, and is exactly why things are so dire now. 
 

Also you just gave up the game, because there's actually legislation for the green new deal, but you'd know that if you took any of this seriously.
&gt; still wont believe the election was legitimate,

We're not talking about those who have swallowed the blue pill and don't want to wake up.

We're talking about the 98% of Republican public figures who are *supposed* to be responsible people who KNOW the election was legit (for one thing) but don't speak out against Trump's evidence free conspiracy theories and defend our democracy (which would otherwise be the job they've taken an oath to).
Which is funny because they throw around the term "poison pill" nonstop
Honestly the joke was pretty decent, you need to take a chill pill dude. If your panties are always this tight it's not good for you.
Well, suppose then that we shouldn't objectify bacteria and afford bacteria due respect.  I'm open to the suggestion.  What then should we be doing differently?

Maybe I should give bacteria lives more thought, it's possible.  Were humans disposed to value even the lives of bacteria it'd be a very different world.  A world much less prone to using antibacterial cleaning products, I'd imagine.  Hey I'm already doing that because they ruin my septic tank.  I need those bacteria alive and doing their thing.

So suppose I argue I'm not employing a double standard, or to the degree I have been, that I shouldn't.  Suppose I swallow that pill.  What's the problem?
No. Don’t give anything to Trump that he can use in 2-4 years. It sucks. I’m sorry. But politics is a zero sum game. If Trump gets a win, the Democrats lose, and it’ll likely be another poison pill anyway for corporate indemnification and handouts to R donor industries.

Not one dime until Biden is elected, period.
Really I was responded to the idea that the government was “totally fine with getting 1000s of oxy’s at a pill mills”

They were not. It happened, but the government put rules in place to stop that. (While not ending opiate prescriptions, which clearly can’t be done.)
Trump's candidacy brought in a whole new coalition for the republican party. The conspiracy theorists, the fringe right, and red pill types. He turned out a whole new type of republican voter in the same way Obama's candidacy did with the democratic base. Fox news and the Republican party know they're in a catch 22: Either double down on their racism and batshit crazy theories to get people who normally don't turn out to come through, or reject trump and get called a RINO into oblivion.
That’s more like it. Take that red pill. Free your mind by ignoring contradictory evidence. MAGA!
But part of the deal the GOP is pushing for is protecting companies from liability if they put their employees/customers at risk/don't follow guidelines and they get infected. That's one of the reasons Democrats rejected it. Pretty sure that's what OP is referring to.

https://www.poynter.org/reporting-editing/2020/the-poison-pill-holding-up-a-u-s-stimulus-agreement/
His energy has comes in pill form for years.
My parents are in their late 70s. I fully expect they have another decade or so, but losing the ability to hug, visit, or be with them because this President is incapable at any &amp; all tasks is enough for me to never forgive the GOP. I hope this isn't their last set of holidays but that it's a possibility fills me with rage. 

The poison pill of middle income tax increases in the 2017 Tax bill, Moscow Mitch's intentional cruelty towards Americans, and the bizarre GOP-wide appreciation for the boot leather crushing their neck, I will never vote for these facist-fetishizing traitors in my lifetime.
Wow, quite a jump to Nazism off of a single post. LoL. 

See my other response and take a chill pill. Trump has done plenty to nail him to the cross with. I’m talking about HOW this election led to him losing with more voters than ever before. Are you telling me it did NOT play a role?
I see that first hand around NYC all the time. I'm talking Ivy league, advanced degrees, lawyers and C-level executives, my general practitioner.....willful fucking ignorance.

You cannot even have meaningful dialogue about anything Trump, all of a sudden they don't want to defend any of his positions or actions. But it's like racist af mofos who drop clues, looking for sycophants and like minded buddies. As soon as you let them know you took the red pill they become super dumb. What, me, naw I don't believe any of that conspiracy crap. 

Unless...
The hard pill to swallow is that it's hard to blame them. Republicans will lie to them all day long and give them someone to blame for their predicament. Democrats are supposed to be the champions of social help and values, but NO ONE is helping these ex-coal miners and auto workers get into a career.

It's very, very easy to see why these people blame democrats for their problems. They have never been helped by either party, and one party gives them an outlet for that anger.
I agree with your points, I'm just saying that Reform looks like a great word on paper, but it's a poison pill too because it was used to pacify people and so many aren't going to forget that. Reform has been relegated to a platitude. A "pat on the head now be on your way" word. Defund isn't great, but Reform had its chance and blew it.
You sir, are double delusional.  You have hope in a fake president who soundly lost the election, and you are asking a fictional invisible creature in the sky to help your cause.  You have been jacked by propaganda and indoctrination your entire life.  You are caught in a real matrix...with no idea what is real and what isn’t.  Holy shit bro, swallow the red pill!
  by  Cliff Anthony 


HIGHLAND HEIGHTS, Ohio -- As the U.S. presidential election results trickled in on live TV the night of Nov. 3 and poll pundits analyzed the voting patterns of each state with maps like meteorologists explaining Cleveland weather, my relatives in India were exuberant at the Biden-Harris ticket’s win. Their excitement was pronounced loudly in their voices on the phone on what was Nov. 4 morning in India. (India is nine hours ahead of Eastern Standard Time.) Glued to the live telecast from the United States, they were ebullient because of the prospect of Kamala Harris, who has half-Indian DNA, occupying an office in the West Wing. By extension, they rooted for presidential candidate Joe Biden.


To ensure the victory of former Vice President Biden and Sen. Harris, many people in South India, where Harris’ mother was born, had offered special poojas at temples. A staunch Harris supporter made an offering of 150 coconuts to appease the Elephant God Ganesh, according to Indian news media.

Their euphoria didn’t last long. It evaporated like a Diwali firecracker that went poof instead of a big boom when incumbent Donald Trump refused to concede his defeat. Trump, with 232 electoral votes and 73.9 million popular votes, hoped to hack Biden’s firewall of 306 electoral votes and more than 80 million popular votes and reverse the election results.

Like my relatives 10,000 miles away, the rest of the world is watching the aftermath of the election here. Trump’s unbridled efforts via tweets and legal maneuvers to overturn the election results are bemusing and disconcerting to these international spectators. He still claims victory.

A major share of the responsibility for this mess, which former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie termed “a national disgrace,” falls on his lawyers and those elements of the ratings-hungry media that perpetuate the myth that Trump has never been defeated and that he is a fighter to the end. It is akin to cheering “fight,” “fight” to a boxer who lost his bout and hangs around the ring.

Failures are not new to Trump. Whether by poor management or for other reasons, he has failed in many ventures, swept them under the carpet, and moved on.

Remember his Trump Taj Mahal casino in Atlantic City? It opened with much fanfare in 1990. The slot machines then gobbled up millions of dollars, so to speak, dashing Trump’s hopes to win a jackpot. That was not the only casino that dealt a pair of the lowest cards to the real estate mogul. He folded and moved on.

His Trump Shuttle, which took off in 1989, flew into financial turbulence and crash-landed in 1992. But Trump moved on. An updated version of Trump magazine started in 2007 and closed within two years, before the proliferation of dotcom endeavors that aggregate news produced by paid journalists and give them away. Yet Trump moved on.

Trump Vodka lost its U.S. buzz within six years of hitting the stores in 2005.

These were not isolated setbacks.

It is a different story now. Perhaps, it is because Trump lost the election to “Sleepy Joe” -- a hard pill to swallow. Trump knows, unlike with his business dealings, that he is being forced to move on and out of the Oval Office. Like a rejected suitor, Trump takes out his wrath on others and the system. And in doing so, he tears apart the very fabric of the U.S. election process and democracy. That will be the greatest Christmas gift from Trump to Vladimir Putin of Russia and Kim Jong Un of North Korea.

Cliff Anthony is a Highland Heights-based writer.
I think weed should be legal and pill mills were a huge problem, but they weren’t some smiled upon area.

The government went after doctors who were running those pill mills. Even some legit doctors were targeted.
&gt; cheat the system to keep Trump in power

when you know the rules of the game, play by the rules and win it is not cheating.

this was the worst argument the losers made in 2016 **BUT SHE WON THE POPULAR VOTE**... that was never the game **EVER**, but funny how after being beaten regularly the Dims want to change the **rules** (DESTROYING OUR DEMOCRACY** is what they cry) when they want to pack SCOTUS and make it political,  Add, manufacture States ( parasitic ones of course ) the funny thing is that most civic illiterates don't know is that Texas has a *Poison Pill* that allows it to legitimately split into 5 states...(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_divisionism)
&gt;That, plus he no longer fears the consequences of doing the right thing.

That's the biggest thing people forget about being in office. When you're a member of a party, you're expected to tow the line. BOTH parties do this. (Yes, dems less than republicans).

Plenty of people get into office and have aspirations of bringing change to their party and being great, but that's soon struck down once they encounter how powerful each party's machinery is. An unruly or uncooperative member of a party can be primaried out easily by the party endorsing and dumping a ton of cash into a challenger who WILL do as told.

This is why Sander's is able to get away with all the things he says. He's may caucus with the dems, but he's still an independent. They can threaten all they want, but they have no actual power over him. In fact, if dems win georgia, he has a shit ton of power over them *because* he's independent. This gives him the ability to make legislative demands if they want something passed. If he wants to push $15/hr minimum wage, then dems *may* have to bend the knee and swallow that pill if they want him to support Schumer for senate pro temp.

I know people don't like kevin spacey, but his character in house of cards was a really good study on [the difference between power and money](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFY7n-UxMQE).
They were not "totally cool with it." Pill mills were shut down.
They will blue pill and turn up to vote like sheeple.
I can wrap my head around taking stuff like oxy that was acquired through various means. You can see the pill, the stamp, and you know how much you can take. Personally, when I was prescribed oxycodone after surgery, it didn't do shit for me so I just stopped taking it and never finished the prescription.

What I don't understand is young people doing heroin or fentanyl. There are NO GOOD STORIES about people who use those drugs. Heroin, you don't know how many times it has been cut - so you're rolling the dice every time especially as you're chasing that first time. Fentanyl has such a small lethal dosage, it's insane. Then to top it all off you have sometimes heroin laced with fentanyl and you might not even ever know.

At this point it would almost be a public service announcement to tell kids in high school to smoke weed since at least they won't die from it and it's not chemically addictive (can be psychologically, but so can almost everything).

For any young people reading this, please do not every use opioids in a recreational setting. I may have not seen everyone, but I personally cannot think of one person I knew who got into it and they didn't have some form of tragedy because of it. It will fuck you, you are not stronger than them.
What are the police going to say they smell as an excuse to conduct illegal searches? A dank adderall pill in someone’s pocket?
It's ironic how you could get thousands of oxy's at a pill mill in Florida and the government was totally cool with that but when it comes to weed they treat it like it's heroin or cocaine. To this date not one soul has passed due to ingesting or smoking cannabis. Yet the government keeps loosing billions yearly in tax revenue in States where to this date it remains illegal.
I would be proud to know this is a secret antifa poison pill or something, but it looks like actual conspiracy people are busily writing the narrative
Hopefully she kicked that little pill problem she had
She still have that pill problem?
Maybe there’s a pill for that.
People wonder why there is a worry about voicing political opinions when this is the response, " JeSuS FuCkInG ChRiSt!!!!@#$ Just go Vote Repub or 3rd party, you fucking schlub!#" seriously, gtfo with that shit. Biden hasn't even started doing the job yet due to the orange cheeto. Let's not lable him the messiah until he actually does something worth praising during his administration. Everyone expecting a magic pill to undue the last 5 years or so hasn't been paying attention. It takes time to hang motherfuckers with their own genitals.
I knew it; goddamn Matrix. Red pill! __RED PILL!!__
As long as t hey are not bs. They tried to sneak in a fake pro-solar energy bill that turned out to be a poison pill and promptly failed, and this time around, they tried to make it to where ballot initiatives have to be voted on twice and win twice to take effect. That failed as well. I might push for electoral reform myself(ranked choice voting &amp; automatic registration.
I don't care what this pill head thinks.
I kicked out hard drugs but struggled with an alcohol + cig addiction for 10 years after. What finally helped me quit was chantix, worth looking into the side effects and all that (yadda yadda yadda) but it helped a lot. Basically you take it and keep smoking for the first week, the pill blocks nicotine receptors in your brain so you can smoke and no longer get that rush from it. The cigarette starts tasting like ash and it's really meh experience without the head high. I had to take 1 full treatment and a half of another but the best $200 I've spent. Been smoke free for 2-3 years now
Man, everyone is entitled to their opinion on that sort of thing, but I just cannot imagine for a second that an actual politician would have been as bad or worse than TV’s *Donald fucking Trump*. My pill-addicted boomer mom neighbor - who I find passed out in one of the two yards at least once a month - couldn’t have been any worse than Trump.
Red Pill or Blue Pill (Oxycodone or Ambien)
Jesus i get trump is bad but why everyone gotta be like this take a chill pill ( im not on anyones side i live in balkan states)
Vicodin is his pill of choice if I recall.
I actually support most of the things that you ostensibly want to achieve, but you guys are so unbelievably bad at politics that I want zero association with you.

I think policing in the country is out of control and police unions are little better than mafia thugs, but "defund the police" is deeply unpopular even among African Americans because people rightfully think you're going to take all the cops off the street.

I think we need to move away from fossil fuel as fast as possible, but "Green New Deal" is a meaningless manifesto (Even AOC herself admits so) that somehow became a virtue signalling poison pill that you tried to force down Biden's throat. It is the left wing version of "Mexico will pay for the wall".

"MeDicArE fOr aLL iS PopULAr" no it's not, not when you tell people their own healthcare plan is now illegal and hundreds of thousands of people will lose their jobs.

"Cancel student debt" No. Most adults dont have a college degree, and of those who do, most graduates went to public state schools. The median student debt load in the US is $0. We are not going to ask people who don't have a degree (who are poorer and have less earning potential) to pay for a giant subsidy for people who do (who are richer and have more earning potential). Talk about Democratic coastal elitism; the people who benefit the most are young upper class people living in Brooklyn who went to fancy private schools. You want to solidify GOP gains among working class whites and improve their standing among nonwhites, destroying the Democratic coalition in the process? Mitch McConnell thanks you.

tl;dr You far left activists suck at politics, and the best way for you to achieve your goals is to shut up and let Biden &amp; co build and sustain a majority coalition that can govern.
Until a toxic poison pill like Trump comes along
I guess Biden will just have to take a good long look at the spending habits of red states.

One of these days the Democrats will have to admit that what's good for the goose is good for the gander. The current regime has an active policy of "fuck them, they're blue states." Time to give them a taste of their own poison pill.
Its a Poison Pill. They know the Dems won't go for it, so when there is a government shutdown ahead of the Jan 5 Georgia runoff election, and no Covid relief bill, and millions of families are being evicted in January, the Republicans can blame Democrats for all of it.
Same here, as much as I’m tempted to take a state job starting from the bottom again is a hard pill to swallow.  Losing retention pay and having virtually no overtime this year was rough, the prospect of not getting a paycheck for months is worse.  I’m sorry for your situation, being treated like pawns is rough.
You’re describing adderall XR, the extended release

People that snort adderall use the regular, or immediate release, pills. It’s just powder formed into a pill. It’s very easy to grind back into a fine powder, you even get some powder dust when you snap them in half (which I do to take half dose in the afternoon)

Edit: I take as prescribed, not like a junkie addict
Oh man, that explains why my friend was always close to the bathroom when he was on that prescription. Basically, his (absolutely stupid) doctor had him on some kind of fat-binding prescription pill and a keto diet. My friend is autistic (very literal) and extremely naive and followed it to the letter. No birthdays, no Christmas, no nothing. He just wouldn't even attend events where temptation could be. 

And you can probably guess what happened as soon as he reached his goal weight and the doctor took him off the pills and told him to pursue a normal diet without a nutritionist or guidelines of any type.

He went back to his rigid calorie-dense fast food diet (what he grew up on and perceived as normal) and gained it all back and then some.

All his friends have been pretty devastated, because he only listens to authority figures (his mother, who is hands off, and the doctor, who probably hasn't seen the results of his neglect since the pandemic started.)
The electoral college isn’t going anywhere. I don’t see politicians on any side letting that go. 

DC and PR are a pipe dream if Democrats do not control all branches of government. Which we don’t have the Senate, nor the Supreme Court and we are barely holding onto the House.

Democrats aren’t fighters. Republicans are filled with older generations who came from times when voting was and is power. Progressivism is a hard pill to swallow that they aren’t willing to do so.
Um no, rinsing my mouth with toilet water after eating shit isn't getting any taste out of my mouth. 

It's like Democrats are just shell-shocked right now and in complete denial that they didn't screw themselves in the 2020 election by picking the absolute worst guy to lead the party. He lost the party a dozen seats in the House and control of the Senate. For what? To trade one con in the White House for another in a race that should have been a slam dunk if they picked anybody else. But no, he couldn't even do that.

I know we're desperate for good news here, but we need to stop pretending 2020 was a win. Instead of wasting time fantasizing that anything good is gonna happen under 4 years of Joe Fucking Biden, the left has a chance to use those 4 years to get its shit together for 2024. Swallow the bitter pill and focus on getting a real progressive to lead the party. And not make the same damn mistake a third time.
That’s XR, extended release.  Inside the capsules are tiny beads.  You have to CRUSH the beads, then either snort the powder or put it back in the capsule.  


What I mean is that snorting isn’t a great way of up taking it, the mechanisms aren’t great compared to just taking the pill.
Actually he's pretty crummy to be across the table from too, since it doesn't matter what deal you make, he won't hold up his end of it. He's toxic to all sides of the equation (Including his 'own side', who are craving his authoritarianism and bombastic personality so much they can't see how much their addiction is costing them).

The only guys who 'win' with him are guys like Putin who understand he's a poison pill, and arrange things to ensure Donnie gets four years to poison American politics and economics while they accomplish their goals out of public view.
Like tricking a dog into taking a pill.

Remember his doctor saying they had to mix cauliflower into his mashed potatoes, like you would do with a cranky 3-year old?
Insurance companies are not the problem. The problem is drs and hospitals are able to charge whatever they want, literally.  In the ER they charge 400 dollars for an ibuprofen, a single pill.  The problem is not insurance companies the problem is the for profit health care system
To answer your first question, from what I'm seeing on right mainstream and non mainstream media, it seems that the right is for the most part very ok to swallow a hard to swallow pill and accept Biden as their president if the all legal procedings show that Biden has indeed won fairly.

They are not willing to accept the current result of the elections if the result was fraudulent. I think this is fair.

Regarding your second question, people in Donnie's constituency are divided people who agree with blm but are passive and abstain from acting WITH blm due to blm ideas being forced upon them or the fear that they may be targeted by blm publically, then there's a portion of people who find blm rioting, forcing ideologies as a threat and who take take a stance against it by taking a pro-police stance. 

There's good reasons for both sides to act how they're acting. What's happening in the US with the police is not ok, this is clear. There needs to be an understanding on why people on both sides do what they do, that's they way to eventually solve these problems.

Also could i ask that you also answer my question as you never answered it.
Trump has an Ivy League education too.

Education isn't a magic pill for stupidity. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink. Especially not if he's lame.
Buyer’s remorse is such a bitter pill!
Shame on Pelosi for putting forward multiple bills, that actually have stimulus, and compromising bringing down their cost to appease Republicans, and look out for workers by preventing the republicans poison pill. 

You're right she did nothing helpful.  Why didn't she sit on her ass for 6 months and do nothing like McConnell.
Addicted to ratings and it will be a hard pill to swallow when the president is a competent human again...
Yes.

Comment from 4chan: 

&gt;The Kraken is the most nebulous and ambiguous idea yet. Some special computer program that magically ascertains election fraud. I want to take this pill but it just seems so fake and gay.

When you've lost 4chan, well...

Pizzagate worked because it had the hacked emails to give it credence, this is just... saying stupid shit.

It's similar to the way they wanted Hunter's laptop to be the new Hillary emails scandal, but it was like a cheap knock off brand without all the other pieces holding it together. Namely years of investigations, which yeah kinda makes a difference.
Also the GOP bill had the poison pill of trying to give corporations a waiver for all liability related to Covid.
Democrats stopped Republicans from giving corporations a waiver for endangering workers. That was the poison pill on the latest bill.
There is equal opportunity in the US, not equal outcome. Hard pill to swallow for some. Protests don’t change anything. There is no racial injustice in the US.
The restrictions weren’t “a hundred plus”. They were 10 - 25. I’m just saying telling people they need to delay practicing their faith but liquor stores or strip clubs will still be open is a hard pill to swallow.
Enjoy the listen. It’s a hard pill to swallow but like most Evan’s podcasts there is plenty of sugar.
Nah not really. Trump has a pretty well documented relationship with the Russian mob in the US. The general consensus is they are backed by the Kremlin. Guiliani is also complicit. Aggressively going after the Italian mafia in New York, allowing the Russians to flourish. Reality can be a hard pill to swallow.
Same thing with Lin Wood. They both ate the Q pill. Which is so odd for people in the profession of facts. 

I think it became very obvious that Trump just wanted to look busy while collecting donations. But when she said the GOP is involved too, Mitch needed them to distance.
I mean, there's plenty of stuff like the ARC that's intended to do this kind of stuff.  The problem is that the liberal vision of getting these coal smudged degenerates to put down their pill bottles and become good productive citizens by having 8 week "learn to code" classes or becoming ginsing farmers or whatever is just as delusional as the idea that Trump is going to bring coal mining back.
&gt; Also I'd like to use my soapbox here to call out the people who think racism is nothing more than a symptom of classism. Racism is much much more than that. It is a disease plaguing this nation that no amount of reduction in income and wealth inequality can solve. It can help, but not solve.

You're right in that solving wealth inequality won't solve racism on its own, but I do think it's an essential part of the solution.  I think education (both intellectual and social) is also essential to this.  But, I think the hardest pill to swallow is that the third essential component is time.

Most folks have their views and values molded while they're young, by their families and community.  You're not going to change people who have grown up in a society with institutionalized and generational racism overnight. It's going to take, realistically, a generation or two at the very least, *after* solving the underlying societal issues.
She is probably extremely nervous being on national television, perhaps on an anti-anxiety pill.  And, also, not very articulate in general.
Oh yes, covid, the deficit, the upcoming economic collapse (due to Trump over pumping the economy for four straight years, and the impending tax increase on the lower and middle class inserted as a poison pill in Trump’s tax plan will all be laid at Biden and the Democrats’ feet.
&gt; at least tone deaf.

I think the point is that it doesn't matter how "tone deaf" your messaging is when somebody is looking to be aggrieved, offended or personally insulted no matter what you say. 

The criticism is the insult. There is no way to wrap the bitter pill of criticism up in sugar sufficient for a conservative's fragile pallet.
Noem also invested in Trump's quackery on HCQ, which fueled public opposition to wearing a mask and taking any other precautions because of a flippant attitude about Covid-19 and wrongly believing that if they contracted it they could cure it through taking the miracle pill. The one that neither Trump nor his own family members and staff took when actually diagnosed with Covid-19.
That was a clear poison pill to assure Obama wouldn’t do it. Just a ridiculous demand to ensure no action takes place.
It's more like Red pill or Blue pill.  It's the rot along the edges that is tearing the middle apart.
White folks ( I'm one ) turned away when minority neighborhoods had drug issues and such . When Walmart becomes the biggest employer and corporations crush the Mom and Pops you have little hope . Little hope leads to meth and pill addictions just like in the areas we laughed at . Reagan , Walmart , Rush Limbaugh , and corporate take overs of stores and restaurants are how we got here .
&gt; The debt collectors are coming for you Donald... First up, Deutsche Bank.

Oh he's been repaying his debts for years now, except his creditors don't expect money to settle their debts.  Deutsche Bank is the least of his worries.  Someday he'll settle up with a polonium pill or a plane crash.
"Technically both the House and the Senate are supposed to pass the same bill."

No; the second house should **take up** the first house's bill, but they are completely free to amend it *any way they like*. Equal houses. They might make no changes, minor changes, major changes, or completely irrelevant changes.  Sometimes they slip in changes designed to be unacceptable in the hopes of sinking the bill ("poison pill amendments"), or to gain leverage in negotiations.

Then the amended bill goes BACK to the first house to see if they accept that, and they can add their own amendments, and so on back and forth, and if that doesn't work, a conference committee comes into play.

So right now, the ball is in the GOP Senate's court on this, but they've taken the ball and left the arena. All the excuses, spin, and pablum in the world won't change that reality. 

---

We can let Congress itself explain the process.

https://www.congress.gov/legislative-process/resolving-differences

&gt;Once one chamber passes a bill, it is engrossed – that is, prepared in official form – and then sent (or messaged) to the other chamber. In a majority of cases, the second chamber simply agrees to the exact text passed by the first chamber, in which case Congress has then completed its action on the bill.

&gt;In some cases, the second chamber instead decides to amend the first chamber’s bill. The second chamber is often proposing, in effect, an alternative version of the bill, which may differ from the bill in minor or substantial ways. In some circumstances, the alternative may even embody a proposal on a different topic. Once the second chamber agrees to this proposed alternative to the bill, it may send the proposal back to the first chamber for possible consideration and a vote. The receiving chamber may also respond with a counterproposal, and so on. This back-and-forth trading of proposals by the House and Senate is called amendment exchange, or sometimes simply ping-pong. For the bill to have a chance of becoming law, one chamber must eventually agree to the proposal that the other chamber sent it.
this is the poison-pill in Moscow Mitch's "recovery" bill. even if ImPOTUS agrees with Pelosi's bill it will never get past the Senate stonewall.
 It's a posion pill for the discussion.  While just coming out and saying "fuck you if I didn't get mine' is the standard refrain from these types, "fix the bigger more complex problems first" sounds much more intellectual... at least to them.   Sounds more like this to me (hyperbole incoming): "we can't set them free until we fix structural racism.  That's the real problem and needs to be fixed first."
In all honesty trump has so far cast quite the poison pill on swing voters.   I don't think there is much appetite right now.    Let's see if georgia can really pull through.     A senate obstruction can really derail all the good work biden can do.
Parliamentary systems concentrate more power in one guy than presidential systems. The prime Minister of a parliamentary system, though not wielding absolute power in any sense of the word, still has a significantly greater advantage than any president

As head of the majority party, a prime Minister is immediately guaranteed the support of the legislature for any legislation he or she wants to pass (assuming they are not PM via coalition, but given the nature of FPTP, pretty much every parliamentary system has 2 major parties). A president is not guaranteed the legislature, and in nearly every case, the president loses one branch of the legislature at some point 

Imagine if we didn't have a senate or President, Nancy Pelosi would be our Prime Minister. She would have way more power to pass bills than anyone in our government has now. She wouldn't need to worry about a Senate or President, she would just write a bill and pass it, done. This probably sounds pretty good to you, but don't forget that just 2 years ago Paul Ryan would've been that prime Minister with significant power, and though it is a tough pill to swallow, we will have another republican "prime minister" sooner or later. Dont forget the only reason Obamacare is still a thing is because the senate refused to repeal it after the house (and PM Paul Ryan) voted to gut it.So let's assume the republicans win back the house in 2022, midterms almost always go anti-incubent anyway. Now imagine we become a parliamentary system with no senate, not president, and now Prime Minister Kevin Mccarthy being able to sign literally any hill he wants into law. That's a parliamentary system of government. Granted most parliamentary systems have a "senate", but they're almost always just rubber stamps on whatever the other house passes. House of lords in the UK and Canada is a prime example, they're technically a "senate" but they always just do whatever the other house wants. 

&gt;And even fewer countries use their court system to interpret their own laws.

Yeah they do bruh, Canada has a supreme court, the UK has courts which ruled bojo can't just dissolve the government, pretty much every country has a supreme court of some type. Interpreting laws is t
he only thing  courts are used for
That second stimulus bill was just awful.  It would have allowed individuals to deduct an unlimited amount of state and local taxes forever which would reduce Federal revenues by $136 billion per year.  It would have given $1,200 more to each adult and each CHILD.  It would have extended the $600 per week additional unemployment payments through January...paying most recipients more money to stay home than they had ever made in their lives working.  It would have given the US post office 25 billion.  It would pay a year of student loan payments regardless of that graduate's ability to pay.  It would have made evictions and foreclosures impossible until September 2021 under almost any circumstances.  Worst of all it would have given a trillion dollars to wasteful and inefficient state and city governments so that they would have zero incentive to tighten their belts.  The only reason all of this passed in the US House is that members knew the bill would never get far enough for them to have to explain to their constituents why they voted for it.  Pelosi drafted the most poison pill to ever come out of the US House.  That makes it the opposite of being "squarely on republicans."
Anyone else who went to public elementary/middle/high school remember how everyone tried really really hard and got really good grades because the education was free? 

I went to a state school and had out-of-state friends whose parents paid $25,000+ per year for them to attend...and get a 2.7 gpa. Something tells me that making education free isn't going to be the magic pill people are expecting. Although I would be more supportive of lower/free tuition for students that can maintain 3.0-3.2+ GPAs. I just don't see why tax payers should be on the hook for students that just don't care enough to put in real effort.
Yes, you are confused.

The Democratic house passed a 2.2 trillion bill, which McConnell blocked.

Later, the White house proposed a poison pill laden offer for 1.8 trillion, which was not simply a "I will meet your 2.2 trillion bill but modify it to bring it down", but more of a  "I want 1.8 trillion in discretionary funds for the president in the guise of a stimulus bill".

This was obviously not going to get through the house, and it wouldn't' matter because Senate Republicans objected at the 1.8 number anyway.

In no universe have Trump and the Republican senate been on the same page about this.
Yeah sorry but a single far right source that says the opposite of everyone else isn’t reputable. And there’s no grand conspiracy, no boogeyman. Sometimes, and I know this is a hard pill to swallow, but sometimes things just suck, and there’s not a damn thing you can do about it.
&gt;I guess I’m not seeing the part where he’s a divisive figure?

You know what? A simple question, asking to clarify a point, asked in a direct and polite fashion. I dig it, and I like you. I'll do my best to answer to the best of my ability.

There's lots of reasons why I would argue Bernie Sanders is a divisive figure. Like all such arguments, I'm going to start with a definition: "Divisive: tending to cause disagreement or hostility between people."

First, he's divisive for embracing of socialism and apologia for socialist leaders. To be clear, I'm not someone who's afraid of the big-bad-socialists, coming to drink our blood or whatever it is they do. But it is *absolutely* a poison pill in the general election. 

Remember that Donald Trump made big inroads with cubans in Florida after aggressively tying Sanders to Biden in advertising there. These are people who would rather vote for the *shockingly* racist Donald Trump than Joe Biden, a man whose only tie to socialism is that he has met Bernie Sanders. And it's hard to dismiss this as the usual "everyone to the left of Reagan is a communist" hysteria that Republicans do considering some of his words; can you honestly picture any other candidates talking favorable about Fidel Castro? I'm not discussing the merits of his arguments or positions, just that it's divisive. 

On that subject, it's not just Cubans in Florida that dislike this aspect of Sanders. There are a ton of moderate democrats who dislike this part of Sanders' message either because they support free markets (with reasonable regulation, of course) or simply because they think it makes the party look bad.

Second, to talk about the 2016 primary again. What he did was absolutely unprecedented; we've simply never had a clear loser keep campaigning like that before. You say that he stayed in order to push progressive policies, but I don't buy that. Remember that the main goal of the presidential primary really isn't to set the agenda for the party in the coming year. It's to unite the party around the candidate that is most likely to win the general election. Politics is a team sport, and in refusing to concede and in other actions, Sanders made it clear that he isn't a team player. He cared more about pushing his own agenda than securing the White House. That's fine when you're an independent senator in Vermont, but *not* okay when you become a major party figure. This wasn't helped by Sanders running an *extremely* dirty, scorched-earth campaign. He did things like claim [Hillary Clinton wasn't qualified to be president](https://www.cnn.com/2016/04/06/politics/bernie-sanders-hillary-clinton-qualified/index.html), [that she is personally responsible for soldiers dying in the Iraq war,](https://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/275418-sanders-clinton-should-apologize-to-victims-of-iraq-war), [that Clinton was partaking in a money-laundering scheme](https://berniesanders.com/press-release/politico-exposes-clinton-campaign-money-laundering-scheme/), [and attacking her as corrupt while being far less transparent about his own finances.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/04/05/bernie-sanderss-false-claim-that-he-has-released-his-full-federal-tax-returns/?utm_term=.bf4715a55f7a) This was a man who was more than content to take party money and resources when it suited him, and attack the party when it suited him. Imagine yourself as a lifelong democrat, maybe in Georgia or South Carolina, who has worked hard to advance party goals for decades, only to have an independent from Vermont join the party, spend the entire primary insulting you, then leaving the party as soon as he lost, then rejoining again when it suited his career. I'd be outright *insulted.*

And I really don't think that we can dismiss the effect of his tactics on the general, either. [Take a look at this graph of Clinton's approval rating over the years.](https://miro.medium.com/max/700/1*Z81fC1bH31QCHDoIv7q5Xg.jpeg) Her approval levels didn't dip into the red until the 2016 primaries. It's true that this is the continuation of a long trend (caused by the Republican smear campaign against her, I have no doubt), but in an election as close as 2016, Sanders' dirty tactics could have tipped things over the edge. She had to defend herself from groundless attacks on two fronts, after all.

Hopefully I've made my point on why a lot of people intensely dislike Sanders, and why he is a divisive figure.

&gt;Ultimately he folded and supported the candidate, even campaigned on their behalf.

My responses to these will be shorter, since they were edited in.

And now we come to the crux of the point. "Ultimately" isn't good enough. If he was serious about keeping Trump out of the White House, and serious about being a team player, he would have left when it was best for the team to do so, not when it was best for *him* to do so.

&gt;2016 did him dirty  

2016 really didn't do him dirty, though. [Check out this article from Nate Silver.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-system-isnt-rigged-against-sanders/) Bernie Sanders didn't lose because of smokey backroom deals. He lost because more people wanted the other candidate. He was more than willing to take advantage of undemocratic elements of the primary when it suited him (caucuses). Frankly, the party did him a huge favor by letting him run *at all.* Sanders wasn't a democrat, made his disdain of the party perfectly clear, and only changed his party affiliation when wanted to run. But despite all that, the DNC let him run to become head of the party.

&gt;and yet he graciously didn’t put up a fight or fracture the party over his poor treatment.

But as established, this just isn't true. He put up a fight long after he lost, and ran a deeply negative campaign. As for "not fracturing the party," that's just not true. For an example, he ultimately proved unable to control his people at the convention. His delegates were famously out of line, staging protests, booing speakers, and generally causing trouble.
The real question is what poison pill has been written into the bill to cause such hangups.
That bill gave companies immunity from repercussion if their employees get covid on the job. It was a carte blanche for businesses to fuck over their employees for a profit. That's a poison pill and republicans knew it but are being dishonest
Still won't stop abortions. You can just take a pill now.
I feel fortunate because I haven't experienced any long term effects that I'm able to notice at least. The first week felt like allergies and I had no idea. It wasn't until my wife felt ill that we tested. At the onset of my infection I had a terrible headache perhaps the worst one of my life. I thought that was a tension headache from being overworked but in retrospect it was covid. My head felt cloudy and also pressure which was weird (never experienced that before). I couldn't think as well as I normally can, I call it brain fog. My nose felt weird too. Lost my taste and smell for about a week but both came back. I was very tired most days. Overall I was in shock that I had it since we had been careful but we can only be so careful since we depend on others to watch our 2.5 year old and that was how we got it we think. On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd consider my experience between 4 to 6 with a 7 being it is time to go to hospital. I never had a fever or much shortness of breath except one night. And my oxygen levels remained good too. My wife had a bit more tougher time than I did. My son didn't notice it. 

Take vitamin D (I do one pill a week high dose). Exercise. I think those two things helped me. 38 years old.
The problem with Bernie is that he wouldn't have done well with the Republicans that were tired of trump. That's what really pushed Biden over the edge in places like GA and AZ.

It's a harder sell with Bernie because he's almost a polar opposite of their political views. Biden was the easier pill to swallow.

You want to blame "corporate dems" but in reality Bernie just wouldn't do well on a national level where you have to not only win your own party but sway independents and even some from the opposing side if you want to win it all.
Two pharmacies in Florida that I heard of were selling pills to Oxy addicts who were getting scripts from Pill Mill doctors.

Those pharmacies sold 3,000,000 pills a year versus the US average to 70,000. 

So 40 times the national average.

Both pharmacies got a slap on the wrist and are still in business today.
Well, Rush, reality can be a tough pill to swallow. What's that? He can't hear because of... oh, right... 

Take 2:
WELL, RUSH, REALITY CAN BE A TOUGH PILL TO SWALLOW. GOOD LUCK JUMPING OFF OF THAT SINKING SHIP, YOU RAT BASTARD.
That was hard to read/watch. Not sure how others do not see the pure stupidity that encompasses him. Did we take the wrong pill?
I'm happy for biden, but like all things involving trump, the stink of his taint lingers around.

I can't help but wonder how much of Biden's votes were for biden, and how many were against trump.  It leaves me apprehensive for the future since we don't know if the democrats ran on a popular platform, or if literal fascism was just too large a pill for the average person to swallow...
The business non liability poison pill is a non starter for this Democrat.  It will lead down a slippery slope fast to not only include covid 19 but everything else.

Remember give the gop an inch on this and they will end up taking miles.
It’s quite the jagged little pill they have to swallow.
Without leaving any fingerprints on the knife or the pill packaging?

Sure.
There's a pill for that.
Give me a fucking break with this shit. 4 years from now Donald Trump will be bathed in diarrhea nursing his syphalytic brain trauma and fighting to stay out of prison, once again bankrupt, once again desperately and sadly alone in a smelly bedroom surrounded by pill bottles and used enemas.
Oh please don’t be bluffing.  This country needs a good dose of the Blue pill.  The Red one was a bad...made me paranoid and scared.
Swallow the bitter pill. There will never be peace between Israel and Palestine. Better accept the fact that Palestine will be completely annexed and occupied in the future.
Her experience can still be an asset though I think for a lot of people the Trump presidency had maybe made that a tough pill to swallow. There was that viral video with the kids who came to talk climate change with her two years ago, I think, and the Supreme Court nomination certainly won’t have endeared her to a younger generation of voters.
This is gonna be tough pill to swallow
When did the CDC say that? This National Institutes of Health (NIH) [paper](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5027726/) published in 2016 basically states that taking analgesics (ibuprofen and acetaminophen) after a vaccination won't compromise the effectiveness of the vaccination. It does say *some* studies showed *some* suppressing effect of analgesics on immunization, but only at levels that don't affect the efficacy of the vaccination, and only when the analgesic was given *before* the vaccination. Most people will want to take a pill *after* they get a shot and it starts making them feel bad.
RFLs help prevent suicide because guns are easy to use and less survivable then say pills; men have a higher success rate then women because of this reason.

And making a task a little harder / longer to accomplish sometimes allows the person time to reevaluate the decision.  A majority of the people who have survived jumping off the Golden Gate bridge say the instant they started falling they knew they made the wrong decision.  It's also the same reason a common pill used for suicide in the 90's was changed from a bottle to blister packs; people are lazy and the time / effort needed was enough to dissuade people.
I’ve noticed that too. A lot of people are realizing there’s no evidence and they’ve been lied to all along. Must be an incredibly tough pill to swallow.
Agreed. Can we stop blaming this on Democrats. The 500 billion stimulus also includes a poison pill, it makes it so businesses aren't liable if they don't maintain a safe working environment to keep employees from getting sick/dying from covid. That bill also doesn't include a stimulus. Mitch is a joke.
"why oh why didn't I take the blue pill."
Yeah I'd second this. It's going to be a bitter pill but you'll regret it if you let things escalate and the relationship becomes permanently damaged.
When Lindsey Graham said they'd never win again, this is what he meant. They've known for years that Trump's base is loyal only to Trump and that once he's gone they're fucked. His cult was the only thing keeping them viable. It's in line with the 2012 report that they wrote after Romney lost. Their traditional base is a shrinking demographic and they needed to expand beyond it. They did that with Trump, but it was a poison pill, but they were hoping to find a way to survive it. It doesn't look like they succeeded.
As mentioned in another comment thread, i am fortunate enough to have a remote job.  I don't know what the solution should be, but as not a member of the suffering group i feel like i don't have a seat at the table this time.  I was just pointing out what Poison pill OP was referring to.
Remember when Rush almost got a real job as a sports commentator? Then he fucked it all up by being a racist pill head? Then Trump gave him a shiny medal. Fuck Rush Limbaugh.
This is how they move the GOP where they want it to be, though.  I heard plenty of people say they wouldn't vote for Biden if he didn't espouse a more progressive agenda, because they didn't want their vote being taken for granted when they weren't getting what they wanted.  The moment your vote is a foregone conclusion is the moment the politicians don't have to care about your needs.

The Trump crazies throwing a temper tantrum looks so stupid, but it works.  That's how the GOP became the party of the tea party, and then the party of Trump.  The extremist base became belligerent, and consequently influential.  If people were quiet and rational and said "He's better than the other guy, so I will swallow this pill," very little would ever change in politics.
Democrats are trying to get funding to states and local governments that is crashing rn, and the GOP are trying to install poison pill legislation like making employers non-liable for running an unsafe business that does not protect its employees agaisnt covid. So that way businesses can open up, employees will refuse to work in unsafe conditions, and then they would be denied unemployment benefits as legal work was offered and they denied it. That's the state of the legislative fight at the moment.
The presidency is a unique position and you can't hold it to the same standard as other positions of power. 

As frustrating as it is, the President can be empowered to commit crimes and he can get away with it. Outside of the legally proscribed methods of removing him from office, he is accountable to just one body, the American voter. In the case of Trump, justice is served by ending his term. He enjoys effective immunity for the actions he took while in office. It's bitter pill for sure but the sooner we accept that the better off we are. 

On the bright side, he can still face consequences on the state level. Federal Gov had little control there.
Hope he plans on stopping that poison pill that goes into effect after inauguration
At least we've got truvada now - if we had a daily pill to take that would prevent covid infection, I'd totally be willing to start eating in restaurants again, and wouldn't even wear a mask if it wasn't flu season.
thankfully its a small pill.
Being beholden to oxy sounds like a lot of work.  What does it do for a person?         
I seem to be one of those people whose body doesn't like drugs.  I usually throw up.  I thought oxy was a pain pill so if you dont have pain, what is the point?
Her red pill is more of an uncomfortably large red suppository
This red pill suddenly seems appetizing
You're kidding right? The Republicans outright bragged that their bill was a poison pill. It even expressly contained funds for a program Trump himself called a slush fund. 

I get it, I grew up with a lot of privileges. Not everyone gets to grow up in a home free of lead pipes, and giant overhead power lines. But someone really failed you, when they didn't teach you about politicians intentionally sabotaging things.

Mitch McConnell famously voted against his own bill, when he found out it was actually going to get passed.

No one in their right mind takes anything he presents seriously. That's why the only thing he's done for 4 years is block democracy, and rail road through unqualified judges, after changing his own rules repeatedly.
So they threw out a ridiculous 3 trillion, the Republicans threw out a ridiculous 500 billion and somehow one party should be looked at worse than the other? You do see the inherent bias there don't you?

As far as recess is concerned, there could be some issue there, but honestly, if they haven't passed a bill in months, what is a short recess really impacting?

To be completely honest, with the vaccines coming, it's probably wiser to spend smaller amounts given ballooning debt from this crisis, which will be a tough pill to swallow for the left.
/r/conservative might buy a lot of Trump and fox's shit, but they don't like him enough to die for him. A lot of them just hate Democrats. Trump is the bitter pill for both of us
I've been out of the area 5 years, so I don't know about that case. Most formulation lines are set up to do pretty much any product as pill or solution. It is only cross contamination you are worried about. When one drug is taken out, the plant is thoroughly cleaned and some equipment even replaced. It is then set up for three test runs and the three lots (three in a row, some can be thrown out) have to pass validation. The pills are tested for drug content, rate of dissolving etc. Results are submitted to FDA, and the plant/building is used only for the new product from that point on.
Well a poison pill bill isn't a compromise. The house passed 2 bills and offered a compromise. Explain why employers should get immunity from lawsuits when a court system already favors the wealthy.
This boils down to I chose to take the red pill.  Why am I not living a life of bliss like some of those how took the blue pill?"
And with such a close race, how can anyone deny the progressive influence on the outcome? I swear some will say anything to push the progressive wing to the side or to diminish their efforts. Ilhan got in her mech suit and canvassed for joe even without endorsing him. We all swallowed a tough pill and helped the cause.
&gt; Them not getting cabinet positions says nothing about Biden’s agenda

Them specifically, no. They have political realities to deal with, and honestly both of them are very very good at their current jobs.

But if his cabinet is chock full of “moderate Republicans”, centrist/conservative Democrats, and corporate advocates, with little-to-no progressive representation... progressives will not (and probably should not) be happy about that outcome.

“Biden has the most progressive platform of any candidate ever.”

If that platform turns out to be left by the wayside (and even more so if he wastes his term in office trying to play nice with obstructionist Republican Senators), it will be a difficult pill for many folks to swallow.
Whose truth though? If two parties say they are telling the truth how can you tell who is right???

That's why it's in the courts, the media nor do you or anyone on Reddit can assume to be the judge,jury or executioner. This is situation is not unique, the election has gone to the courts before to resolve disputes why are we treating this like it's a bloody coup. You alarmists just need to take a chill pill and let the process work itself out. If it's too much perhaps turn off the TV and zone or out, I really don't get why people are getting so riled up as if it's the end of the world.
people are, on the other end, convinced healthcare outcomes can only be best when theres a profit motive.

what they fail to understand is that the wealth gap will drive profit from the wealthy, and ignoring, increasingly the poor.

you can demonstrate this with basic pharma math. if you are a manufacturer, which scenario would you choose if the market (the wealth gap) can bear it:

1. 1,000,000 pills for 1$

2. 1,000 pills for $1,000

3. 1 pill for $1,000,000

see, they all give you the same profit, but if you can find just one billionaire to bear the cost, you will always select 3. the best part of pharma as for profit is its easy to increase prices to find the point at which you maximize the profit.
Oh yep...  I don't disagree at all.  But, to quote Mr. Clinton, "Economics and Politics of a certain flavor mixed together" stop folks from doing just that.  Ya know what burns me up the most???  These cats pull up roots and flowers from Goat's Rue AKA Italian Fitch and turn that into a small ovoid pill and sell it fur thousands of dollars, then they.. well i better quit.


Trust me I am fine.

EDIT: Looks like we got some rich wealthy Teva and Fizer folks butthurt over Alt. Medicine.  I don't pay attention to negative counts but I STAND BY what I say.
&gt;We can at least start putting everything to a vote, and let them explain to their constituents why they voted against covid relief.

This kind of mentality is the exact problem. 

&amp;#x200B;

No one gives a shit about the actual contents of the bill, just whatever title is given to it.

&amp;#x200B;

A perfect example is the bill passed by the House that was about restoring/strengthening voting rights, but part of it included statehood for DC. The GOP rejected it, and now everyone can "claim" the GOP is against strengthening elections.

The House knew they'd reject it with that poison pill, just to get them on record knowing their constituents and the media would play along.
My 5D chess conspiracy theory during the primary, when Republicans were trashing Trump for previously endorsing the Clintons and Democrats, was that he was a double-agent poison pill who would wreck the GOP from the inside out, and destroy their reputation through terrible governance. 
It seems my joke theory was right, except the double-agent part; and my idea of terrible governance wasn't as malicious as attempting to incite a race war, dismantle the government, destabilize world politics, and build concentration camps. Definitely expected bungled hurricane and disaster response, though.
And they brought this on themselves when they cynically decided to use infotainment to turn people that had never voted in their lives into a poisoned pill voting block for the rest of the country to choke on.

Now they can't get elected without those same unreasonable people. It's why both parties wisely spent 250+ years deliberately NOT courting that vote.
Just connect my pillow to WiFi, download the my pill ow app and receive special offers in the mail!  Act now!
It's good to see the perspective from the other side, but what I see over there is a hard pill to swallow. A lot of their regulars, not all, appear to be batshit crazy. And by batshit crazy, I'm talking about those who believe widespread fraud really happened.
\&gt;These programs are currently set to expire on Dec. 31, and need Mnuchin’s permission to continue

Seems an awful lot like a poison pill.
hostage, he's holding Americans hostage. Just say it that way, no need to sugar coat a shit pill at this point.
They're not afraid of a Biden presidency, I don't think. Not really. They may justify the fear by telling themselves he's a far left socialist (lol) or a secret communist (extra lol), or that the democrats put him up to assassinate him to make way for Supreme People's Premiere Kamala Harris (double order of lol, side of fries), but I think what they can't really admit to themselves is that they're less afraid of Biden winning, and more afraid of Trump losing. 

Trump losing represents a loss of their own perceived power, or status, or even just a loss of being "right" about something. It represents the end of them being special and on-top, and when their entire identity is wrapped up in being a "silent majority" who is simultaneously oppressed by the elites, but "overcame" them against all odds in 2016, thats a tough pill to swallow. I imagine its going to be like some sort of prestige hangover, desperately holding on to 2016 as "that time we won!"
I actually know several old school small government conservatives who voted for Biden - or more accurately - against Trump.   (Although, the nominee being Biden and not Sanders made the pill much less painful.)  These guys are spread over several states.  I know this is anecdotal as the sample size of 8 or 10 is in no way large enough to actually tell a story.  

But the fact it was a certain category of Republican; non-evangelical, professional, free-market conservatives who to a man were so anti-Trump as to be willing to vote for Sanders even was a pretty big revelation.  China was the reason.  

Since Trump won by the thinnest of margins in 2016 it shows he was in serious trouble before Covid.  His mishandling of Covid didn't help him, but I suspect it's not the reason he lost.  I think Covid might be the reason for turnout though.
Or maybe he's not as racist as you've been lead to believe. Like I said, he's a piece of shit. That doesn't mean he's a piece of shit in every way. The left side of the aisle has decided to call anyone who has a different opinion these heavily weighted insults like racist, sexist, etc. Now they've lost their weight. All I'm saying is maybe its not all of those people who voted for him who are thinking incorrectly about  everything. I know that's a hard pill to swallow, but if half the country are willing to support him (not endorsing that decision), maybe there's evidence to the contrary of your beliefs that you're missing, or dismissing. Just some food for thought. Thats all. I'm sure I'm doing to get down voted into oblivion for daring to say something so controversial, but I'd love to see us come together as a country and have some reasonable discourse and disagreements. That can't happen with one side calling the other racists and shit while the other side call everyone a communist and shit like that.
It's a hard pill to swallow.  But historically plagues have weeded out the bad stock and left a species better for it.
Can we just swallow the pill that they are not giving us one.
AOC is the best red pill ever, I hope she continues her crusade... best thing on the planet.
Trump doesn’t follow through on many things, and the things he does follow through on usually end up having some poison pill that fucks the working class and middle class over somehow.
It had a poison pill according to Republicans: helping people
I actually disagree. We should be forcing any pharmaceutical companies with the ability to make monclonal antibodies to make them. I understand it's not like making a pill, but this is the best and closest treatment to a cure we have before a vaccine is released. That's the whole point of the defense production act.
Wait was the abortion pill thing Jason Miller or Trump? I have a grandmother starting to walk back her support of Trump and that may be good info to have.
That bill contained the poison pill of granting corporations immunity from lawsuit if they ignored covid regulations.
I do hate media not talking about the abortion pill he put into the drink of a pregnant girl whom he had affair. Right wing calls Trump is the most pro life president ever
They've rebuffed every time retraining or education programs are suggested. They don't want to change, so I'm happy to leave them behind in their trailer parks with pill addictions.

I'm exhausted trying to give a shit about them.
Is that per month with insurance? Are those brand names or generic? One of my meds is generic so it’s $5 but the other two are brand name and crazy expensive. I couldn’t even find insurance that covered it with a co-pay type situation where it would be like $50 for it or something. Who the fuck is buying these insanely inflated priced brand name meds? I feel your pain though and it’s not fucking fair. Grandpa can go buy Viagra for probably less than a dollar a pill but I can’t have seizure meds or you can’t have psych or gastro meds without going broke. I hope and pray something changes but I no longer expect that at all. It’s even worse because it makes you wonder all the time and beat yourself up. Like why the fuck did I have to be born like this? Why couldn’t I be a normal, non-broke human? I hope your making it through it though and maybe one day we won’t be having panic attacks or choosing if we want meds or be able to live a halfway decent life monetarily.
A lot of them have no idea what getting an abortion is like.

They think you just take a pill and baby goes bye-bye with zero pain or trauma involved. They think because it's vaguely related to sex some people might even find it sexually satisfying. They think people see getting an abortion as something to get excited over.

They're wrong on all those counts, of course, but they're in no rush to find out.
It’s hard for people to comprehend what it’s like to deal with the US healthcare system even if it’s through no fault of the person. People in America love to think it’s someone’s fault when they’re not doing well. They never take the time out to think about it. It’s pretty shitty to have to spend 10% to 15% on healthcare without even being “sick” other than what I was born with. For some reason there’s some weird disconnect in America where we don’t want universal healthcare even if it’s cheaper for all of us. Of course it’s because  there’s a huge industry. I’ve come to realize, as I’ve grown older, how selfish and lacking in empathy a large swath of America truly is. The sad part is like I said I’ve got it pretty good for the US. We need some prescription price caps or something too. Without insurance my meds are $3-4k a month. If I go online I can buy the same brand name for literally 1/3 of the price from a Canadian pharmacy and a generic from India for 1/7 the price. Why can I literally get the SAME EXACT PILL for 1/3 of the price?! I’m just venting now haha
I agree reality is fucked up. We just need to try and make sure the future reality trends in a positive way. In a lot of ways hunting like this has helped in conservation efforts. Sometimes you have to swallow the bitter pill to see positive results. I would just say dont let it get you down too much. Honestly I would rather see them in their natural habitat where they are selectively hunted than in a zoo where they are confined.
How much does contact tracing cost per pill?

What stock should I buy to profit off of all that work it takes to do it?

Oh, that's right.
As a Canadian: No. A far bigger, richer country that has spent the last 30 years writing off our healthcare as a socialist boogieman trying to dip into our limited drug supply would be a tough pill to swallow at any time (no pun intended). But add on what Trump specifically has done to Canada, the debt we're incurring to keep afloat through the pandemic, and the brushes we've had with medication shortages in the past, the US taking advantage of Canada's drug supply would not just be incredibly difficult to allow logistically, it would also be such a political death sentence that any politician up here that allowed it to happen would be ending their own career. The opposition party would call for a no-confidence vote almost immediately.

This is very much The Ant and the Grasshopper from a Canadian perspective, and even if we wanted to help, we don't have the resources to do it. If the US wants to put forth a tremendous amount of money to help increase our infrastructure to the point that we \*would\* have the excess capacity needed to give the US drugs at Canadian prices, that'd be a different story, but that would also be much less efficient for the US than just getting its own house in order.
Biden is white

Easier pill for the more moderate parts of the base to swallow, so it is _possible_ he will find more cooperation than under Obama. Shame really, given that Obama was one of, if not the greatest leader the USA has ever had. Certainly so on the world stage.
It would be unprecedented yes, it would be against the norm yes, but these unwritten rules which we have all abided by have been so willingly trampled on by Trump that to allow him to not be prosecuted, means that any president is above the law. As it turns out, Nixon being pardoned by Ford for the sake of precedence, was simply delaying the inevitable and proved that a president can go much further. That was only 46 years ago, within a span of less than 2 generations, history has already shown us how much further a president can go. Without prosecution, closing the loop holes which Trump exposed is meaningless because it highlights the reality that no president would be held accountable if they were to dismember those loop holes and break the Republic into a dictatorship. Abraham Lincoln had the courage to face the inevitable insurrection of the Confederacy, that was a hard pill to swallow, we must choose that pill again and uphold the rule of law by prosecuting Trump, not on fabricated charges as Hillary Clinton could have been, but on absolutes of treason and failure to abide by the presidential oath to "preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States."
Seriously, if we had a pill that could turn off alzheimers or other forms of dementia, even for a couple hours at a time, that would be a gigantic breakthrough and be worth billions.

Same with the stupid Q conspiracies. If we could extract something that would prolong life, it wouldn't be secretly consumed by the rich and the powerful. It would have millions of dollars dedicated to making it mass producible so they could sell it to everyone and make more money.
Sadly, until some form of critical thinking is adopted and rolled into the education system, this will be the case. While I wish that states rights meant that states implied real independent thinking, like taxing religious institutions, or giving every every woman access to free family planning (that included drive through access to condons, the morning after pill, pregnancy tests, and an 24/7 1-800-should-I-sleep-with-this-fool? hotline to assist with those clutch, last-minute choices that you can’t trust your friends or your WAP to be clear-eyed and honest about...), but sadly it is uniformity of zealotry and faux piousness that is dished out under this flag most often.
You can't have unity when half the country thinks the other half is evil/wants to actively destroy the country etc. Doesn't matter what Joe Biden does. Unless he has some magic pill to fix all the stupid in the world, this country is broken.
As a Canadian let me be the first to say to Heir Trump and his gang of cyanide pill-popping wanna be’s....”Bahahaha, haha, haw haw haw”. And you can quote me fuckers.
“All drugs / prescriptions are free, you just have to send $5 per pill/capsule to the “Save Tump and Keep Him Out of Jail Foundation.”   Tump tomorrow.
Well, that's all camps technically. No real need to highlight them just in those two camps. 

However on the flip side, I can't help but point out that denouncing all popular opinions as populist ideology is a hard pill to swallow, because it is both popular, and objectively correct, to point out just how damaging Trump has been.
Y’all idiots who swallowed that “change we can believe in” pill for the 3rd damn time
All he needs is to be a closeted homosexual, with a pill addiction... the trifecta will be complete!

Say hello to the future president of the US!
Even more diabolically, the most noticeable ones weren't cuts. They were payroll tax deferrals scheduled to be paid back in 2021. Extending or forgiving them affects Medicare and Social Security funding. Allowing them to hit feels like a tax hike. Classic example of a poison pill.
Yep, and exacerbating the problem is the fact that a huge minority, maybe even a majority of supplements are just filler and trash.  Even if garlic works, it *only* works *if there's actual garlic in the pill.* 

There is a shit ton of logical, rational arguments to make against the current state of the supplement industry.  They *can* help people, but holy shit does a person need to be a well informed consumer to safely get the most out of them.
You mean the attack helicopters? And the red pill memes? And the guys in Michigan who planned on kidnapping Gretchen Whitmer and executing her live on t.v.? Like the plot of QAnon?
I agree, Republicans have kind of appealed to the least common denominator.  Anything above that is viewed as highfalutin and foreign.

I come from conservative christian background, and so I pride myself on being able to "whisper" to conservatives and walk them out of their bubble and take a look at the world as it is.  The middle ground is certainly conceding a few things to them like political correctness and focusing on shared values.

The issue is when they realize if they want something better they have to vote for a Dem to get it, and they snap back to their bubble faster than a rubberband.

Republicans have successfully villified the word Democrat/progressive/leftist and so many more words, that it's near impossible, or requires waaaay too much effort, to get a Republican to swallow that bitter pill.
The poison pill is not being able to sue if companies don't take COVID-19 seriously and put people's lives at risk
Also funding state and city governments and (emergency) services and pensions.

Also PPE funds.

Do I think these are uncritical services and shouldn't be funded? No.

Would I let the good be the enemy of the great? Also no.

What is a poison pill? A poison pill is a provision which categorically undermines the primary purpose of the bill. EG a public health plan can be manipulated to have high premiums and be an unattractive option for overall Americans just by virtue of it's exclusivity. The more universal, the more likely to succeed. Thus, any step of remove from M4A undermines the core tenet of universal healthcare's success.

It's fine to say that the bill is incomplete but my point was more there could be a 3rd party body, or an independent group, or a congressional group made up mainly of democrats to do effective oversight, etc. There's more than one way to skin that cat, and yes the problem with PPP was poor oversight, as was the problem with the 2008 bailout, iirc, but we can agree that *some* businesses need that PPP money fair and square, and that the people definitely do.

This thing is not that. This is using the term "poison pill" as a talking point.

Thanks for the reply.
The vast majority of abortions are performed on a blob of undifferentiated goo. And the Catholic maniacs who are opposed to birth control make a habit of lying about the pill, or Plan B, or even condoms, being a form of abortion. They say jizz is people. They're wrong.
What do you know, someone from r/politics that is open to objecting views!

I'm an engineer also, so with root cause analysis I do not rely on one fact alone, here are some facts that seem to corroborate each other, I'll leave it to you which pill you want to take.

- impossible vote surges (more than vote counting throughput capacity for full team, that happened at 3-5am with fraction of the staff)
- surges happening after polling stations were closed and staff told to go home
- poll watchers pushed out of visible range (rendering votes as illegitimate as the watchers are a critical component to ensuring election integrity)
- after hours vote surges happening at about the same time across key swing states (unlikely to have been independent)
- reported backdating of absentee votes after courts passed a rule to separate ballots received after 3rd
- dominion and Smartmatic systems tied to Venezuella (and others) with affidavits from key witnesses asserting the same and used in 28 states
- chairman of smartmatic is on Biden's transition team
- vote switching and dropping is evident in the election data as well as can be found on the live reporting numbers seen on TV (ehich had a livd feed from clarity elections) 
- vote swapping and dropping algorithms documented feature in voting systems and witness statements attesting that the same used in US lead regime change programs
- dominion and smartmatic both represented on cyber council advising that this election is the "safest ever" (after which DHS director fired)
- anomalies are all in favour of Biden
I’m a Libertarian and I completely agree with you. But unfortunately to the poster above you talking about abortion. There are so many other things that can be used. At my school we give them access to these things and educate them extensively, but they end up pregnant anyway. They say that: condoms don’t feel good. Or they don’t like the pill. Or they don’t want an IUD or the shot. If you don’t want any of these things it’s almost inevitable that you’re going to wind up pregnant.
Did...did Ghouliani actually just claim with a straight face that George Soros and Venezuela decides our elections in coordination with ANTIFA and BLM? Holy shit, they are actually taking the 4chan nazbol conspiracy mentality "black pill"...I...I can't even.

Is this real life?
Did...did Ghouliani actually just claim with a straight face that George Soros and Venezuela decides our elections in coordination with ANTIFA? Holy shit, they are actually taking the 4chan nazbol conspiracy mentality "black pill"...I...I can't even.

Is this real life?
Did Gholiani actually just claim with a straight face that George Soros and Venezuela decides our elections? Holy shit, they are actually taking the 4chan nazbol conspiracy mentality "black pill"...I...I can't even. 

Is this real life?
Did Gholiani actually just claim with a straight face that George Soros decides our elections? Holy shit, they are actually taking the 4chan nazbol conspiracy mentality "black pill"...I...I can't even. Is this real life?
Lol tall about needing a chill pill. Manchin the "dumbass" keeps winning W Va. in landslides.

Thanks for proving my point wonderfully.
Some of those issues are complicated and require strong messaging, but moderates didn't even run on their public option, which polls really well and is certainly in a more progressive direction than where we're at now. 

&gt;Progressives attack everyone who doesn't like all of those things rather than "allowing" candidates to tailor their platform to their audience.

Get off the internet dude. I've been donating and phonebanking for moderates who I do not care for at all for the last few months. 

&gt;See: Joe Manchin.

Because Manchin is a dumbass with nothing to lose who is going to hold back the Biden administration entirely. 

&gt;clear you don't really have any points to make.

You have literally not made a single objective point. It's all progressive blaming. Take a chill pill.
Is it really unbelievable? When did reality ever matter to Trump. This is all a play to get something, anything, before the Supreme Court, which I believe they will do. And even if the Supreme Court rules against Trump, which they will, they will include a poison pill about defering to an individual state's legislature. At that point the states will have a green light to choose their own electors, obviously for Donald Trump. These states will then "shockingly and illegally" collude together and 3 or 4 of them will send forth electors for Trump due to no confidence in their state's election process. Sound like fantasy? People need to wake up that this is cold hard reality.
That's the pill they've taken though. To them, whatever Trump is saying is defining conservative values. I get trying to bridge the gap but it comes as a a compromise. I do not want to compromise any part of human rights.
It's dumb because most of our policy positions haven't shift that far in the last decade. 10 years ago I knew conservatives I could talk to about corporate tax rates and collective action problems. These disagreements, and their underlying arguments, have not changed.

But Trump was a poison pill that has ruined that. He's a racist fucking asshole, but calling him out on that makes conservatives feel "disrespected." And the anti-left propaganda and conspiracies have been ratcheted up to 11.

Now I can't debate corporate tax rates or collective action problems because conservatives won't even accept the underlying facts of the debate, regardless of the quantity and quality of information presented. It's all a conspiracy.
It's a fair point.

The disclosure route would let the public know what stocks they own, and hold them responsible for enriching themselves. Problem is that the public has a piss poor track record these days of holding politician accountable for ethical violations. 

ETFs can be played too, especially if you know when the market is going up or down. And should they be allowed to buy options or stocks only. Also some ETFs are industry or commodity focused, should those be banned as well?

I think there is a lot of room for improvement, but the people who will pass these laws are the same people it will hurt. So it makes that a hard sell. I think disclosure of trades might be an easier pill for these congress critters to swallow, and pass, than a complete ban on owning anything but ETFs.
This is what’s wrong with the electoral college:


https://www.npr.org/2016/11/02/500112248/how-to-win-the-presidency-with-27-percent-of-the-popular-vote

You can win the electoral college and therefore the presidency by only winning 23% of the popular vote. Yes that is highly unlikely and a hypothetical situation, but that’s like a doctor telling a patient, “you take this pill, you only have a 10% chance to die. No big deal.” In no functioning democracy should you be able to be elected while only having 23% of the vote, no matter how unlikely.
Because that's not step one. 

Step one is stuff like Incel culture where they get to young guys that world is out to get them and they are owed this big destiny that is actively being kept away from them. Then you move to red pill stuff where you add in that the enemy is those "dumb b*tches" who think they are better then you. Once you got that in you move to full on anti SJW bullshit where its not just the women who are keeping you down, but those people who are going to police you from speaking "your truth" by saying its racist or sexist and isn't censorship bad. Then you can start moving into the proud boys where its the whole liberal movement that is behind it and want the country better when men could be men and back before we changed to make room for all those others. Finally you just move into straight up white surpremicy ideals that that big destiny in step two was your birth right as a member of the white race. 

You get someone to take a few steps deeper each time you up the ante on things but do it over time so it doesn't seem so radical to them, cause just opening with "You are the rightful top strata of American society due to your blood right as members of the white race" is a hard sell.
Ah..I guess admitting they are the ones in the bubble would involve having to give up on themselves and admit they aren't smart, or in some super secret club. And that they voted for an idiot. Because they are an idiot. 

It's not just asking them to realize they were wrong. It's asking them to redefine their whole selves. It's probably like an actual real red pill moment.
Honestly? I don’t think anyone is surprised. It’s just a hard pill to swallow for 73 million others.
Did you see the hearing with Twitter and Facebook? "I have here that teenagers are depressed after using social media 3 times a day" like its some kind of take a pill drug 💊
Yep.  People have a very hard time reconciling their actual beliefs with their affiliative beliefs.  Even if in reality their actions might be categorized that way.

Realizing that the Republican party doesn’t actually serve your interests anymore is probably a hard pill for some people to swallow.  But as long as that’s the ‘anti-socialist’ brand it’s ok.  American on the whole is conservative... we’re very much right of center.  It underscores how badly popular belief by social pressures and affiliation actually has on policy.
Spinning a multi-million vote win into a loss in the E.C. was a hard pill to swallow.
That's a hard pill to swallow.  It's not that I'm being selfish but I don't think people will learn anything from it.  Sure, the economy may do better overall, but they'll just find another thing to waste the money on or another way to get into bad debt.  

The only thing I can say is to look around your environment.  People don't stop at stop signs, pick up their trash, or pick up after their pets.  Why would I want to look out for these people when no one looks out for anyone else?  We should, but we just aren't there as a society yet and I don't think we ever will.
We must be living in the Matrix or something bc wayyyy too many people took the red pill
Yes, and that's exactly what the GOP counts on every election cycle. They'll do everything they can to saddle Biden's presidency with debt, poison-pill expiring tax cuts, economic fuckery, and refusal to cooperate. Then they'll turn around and blame him for it all in 2024. And if nothing sticks to Biden, well, I guess there's always Crooked Hillary.
And they're the exact kinda blokes who think that Fight Club (the club thsts in the film, not the film itself) is really cool and desirable and set up their own fight clubs and quote that fucking annoyingly repetitive joke about "haha the first rule of fight club is....etc". They don't seem to realise the whole point of that film was it's about these broken men, men in a horrible place mentally, feeling emasculated, etc. They're the victims of toxic masculinity. These men in real life never understand that term snd think it means it's a criticism of masculinity as a whole and that it's "weak women" complaining about it when the whole point is that *MEN* are the victims of toxic masculinity and it's why we have a male suicide epidemic
   
It's the same kinda men who call themselves "red pilled" and are all transphobic while not understanding that the film they take the "red pill" name from is a film all about being transgender. Like come on
  
These guys just really don't understand movies.
You can walk into any drug store and get condoms? If you’re a poor college student or just live near a college a lot of them hand them out for free and they don’t require a student ID. I realize it’s not the pill or an IUD but overall they’re very effective. If a condom does happen to fail they also sell plan B at drug stores. None of that’s hard to get and none of it requires a doctors visit.
Harder to swallow pill: Trump did not cause this, he was just a slight acceleration in the direction of Americans finally dropping the act of even trying to care about the rest of the world. The unipolar world that emerged after WW2 was destined to end when the Cold War ended. America's foreign deployments have declined (despite the Middle East wars!) in every administration since Bush Sr. left office. It's now at its lowest level since pre-WW2.

Globalization becomes regionalization, regionalization becomes a worldwide free-for-all, that's the historic normal, the post-WW2 era is the most abnormal period in human history by virtue of America being the last man standing. Nations rise and fall, that's the norm.

No, this is not a GOP thing. Obama was the one who started pressuring the EU to spend more on NATO so that America could wind down more. Bill Clinton's UN ambassador Madeline Albright let slip in 1994 America's real feelings about globalism (and this was in the peak of it no less):

&gt; "Americans will behave, with others, multilaterally when we can and ***unilaterally when we must***."

There was never a pre-Trump status quo, you're just waking up to the real world and it's returning back to the normal.
&gt;  I’m also aghast but amused by their anti-immigration stances.

There are more legal immigrants than illegal immigrants even among the Latino/Mexican population.

Democrats really need to swallow the bitter pill that most legal immigrants are against illegal immigration. And this isn't exclusive to Latinos and Hispanics. Asians and Middle Eastern immigrants share the same viewpoint.

Millions of these people followed the system according to the law and waited for the opportunity to work and live in this country. Of course, they would be insulted when border-jumpers and line-cutters are granted the same opportunities by breaking the law.
Democrats really need to swallow the bitter pill that most legal immigrants are against illegal immigration.

Millions of these people followed the system according to the law and waited for the opportunity to work and live in this country. Of course, they would be insulted when border-jumpers and line-cutters are granted the same opportunities by breaking the law.
Wow okay take a chill pill,  i am worshipping trump, he's done some good things he's done some bad thing, no one is perfect. I am just saying president before him did the same thing and we should hold presidents accountable to the same standards.
"I'm a poison pill, bite me."

\-- Trump probably
Too much of that red pill drug those MAGA people take. Has some crazy side effects.
It's all theater. He will declare himself the "legitimate" president and declare he's running in 2024 to "take back what's rightfully his."

He has no interest in doing this, btw. It will all be an attempt to frame any prosecution he faces as a political attack to undermine his "legitimate" authority. He's turning himself a human poison pill that no prosecutor would dare swallow lest they face the wrath of his goon squad.
The pharmacy I work in does compliance packaging. A whole bunch of our patients are elderly. For the most part, they don't know drug names or uses, what they are actually taking, when they should be taking it or what their doctor actually changed when they do change it. We have people who regularly lose a whole week of meds at a time only to find them later, under the couch, in the original bag we sent them in. A lot of them call to complain often about how we messed up their meds and we later find out their meds are messed up because they have torn apart the packaging and put it, incorrectly, into their own pill box. 

These people should NOT be running the country.
Reality is a though pill to swallow Rudy
The ACA is so stupid it hurts. They started with a Republican think tank plan, added a bunch of Republican poison pill compromises, and still passed it without any Republican votes.

The GOP then spent a decade running on gutting the ACA.
True. No one cares too much about the west. I do wish it were more even tho. 

It’s a tough pill to swallow when a guy who lives in a major city and likely never even seen a real farm is telling me what’s best for me as a rural western Canadian. 

Sucks but eh, whatever.
When enough people take a little red pill, I guess.
She's a black woman that got national attention by being discriminated against, then took the red pill and got a job saying that discrimination and racism don't exist anymore.
&gt;After 70-something million voted for Trump, I cannot imagine what qualifies as “dirt” anymore.

Agreed. It's got to be more than "mere" (and I can't believe this qualifies as "mere" now...) [adultery](https://www.npr.org/2018/12/24/678390550/for-evangelicals-a-year-of-reckoning-on-sexual-sin-and-support-for-donald-trump) or [bribery](https://theweek.com/articles/943450/donald-trump-turned-white-house-into-bribe-factory) or [cronyism](https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-tiktok-and-crony-capitalism-11600639766) or [nepotism](https://www.cnn.com/2017/01/21/politics/jared-kushner-white-house-job-justice-department-ruling/index.html) or even [sexual](https://www.businessinsider.com/women-accused-trump-sexual-misconduct-list-2017-12) or [physical assault](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/may/24/greg-gianforte-bodyslams-reporter-ben-jacobs-montana). More than [paying for abortions](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/apr/02/donald-trump-marueen-dowd-interview-abortion-past-partners), and even more than trying to perform [forced abortion](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/08/14/trump-adviser-libel-suit-abortion-pill-claim-395305) against the mother's wishes. More than [ridiculing Christians](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2020/09/trump-secretly-mocks-his-christian-supporters/616522/), [mocking Jesus](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/nov/25/rick-perry-donald-trump-chosen-one), or [gassing the clergy](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/jun/02/clergy-priests-attacked-police-washington-dc-st-john-church-trump-photo-op). More than [dissing Republicans' original patron saint, Lincoln](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/12/trump-criticizes-lincoln-brags-he-has-done-a-lot-to-help-black-americans.html). More than [not supporting the military](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-54034707). More than [literally swooning over Kim Jong Un](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-usa-trump/we-fell-in-love-trump-swoons-over-letters-from-north-koreas-kim-idUSKCN1MA03Q). More than [trusting an ex-KGB honcho's "word" over the FBI](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-44852812).

It's hard to imagine what could be "more" than all of the above, but I guess maybe outright rigging voting machines might qualify?
There's also this poison pill McConnel wants:

[https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/mitch-mcconnell-s-new-coronavirus-plan-make-sure-you-can-ncna1194226](https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/mitch-mcconnell-s-new-coronavirus-plan-make-sure-you-can-ncna1194226)
We're real lucky these guys trying this are so old they couldn't get hard without a pill.
Honestly, this is probably the best option. While I understand the temptation, legal, and emotional reasons to try and prosecute Trump from a Federal level, it is an incredibly dangerous precedent that could genuinely spark a horrific schism in the nation. 

IMO, as unethical as it is, I really could see Biden and the GOP offering Trump a free pass from Federal charges in exchange for not running in 2024. 

It's a hard pill to swallow, but I just don't see this ending well.
Yeah, I don’t if that’s a poison pill or a political endeavor to appease domestic concerns, really. I’ve not read all our specific demands for government recognition, nor those which the Taliban would accept, reject or pay lip-service to.

This is a place steeped in traditional doctrine and as we’ve seen from nations like Saudi Arabia (even in some parts of India), one doesn’t sway a culture from such deeply-held convictions overnight with the swipe of a pen. Those sort of changes require generations. Heck, we’re still fighting for civil justice matters in the USA, in 2020.
And the peoples participation is the blockchain that creates accountibility and defends against corruption. But there is too much human desire to take the blue pill. We have red pill dreams of ourselves, but only show up as blue pill cowards.
Yes, we were told not to believe everything we read, see, and hear. We were also told not to blindly trust people. And now people who question everything are publicly ridiculed and "cancelled" because we/they don't take things at face value. 

We can't trust WHO as they're financially backed by China.

We can't trust the CDC or Fauci because both were set to lose their budgets to Trump last year and would say literally anything to stay working. 

We DEFINITELY can't trust big pharma because "he who makes the pill, makes the disease". 

We can't trust the media because they are nothing more than sensationalist click bait looking for a body count.

We can't trust our "leaders" because...well, just look at them. The current president is a shiny orange turd in a field of turds.

So we turn to the internet. We turn to what we know, what we've been taught by our parents, and we make our own theories and judgements, even if they're wrong. 

And we question everything because it seems like people have the memory of goldfish anymore. 7 months ago we were told that masks were the end all to be all. 5 months ago we were told that most masks were ineffective. Now it's all about masks again. So which is it?

I'm sorry. I'm just ranting out of frustration. My state just went back on highest lockdown as of this morning and I am so FN sick of the entire damned mess!
Same. Took one pill and decided I preferred being in pain.
I knew coke and pill heads that would pass tests all the time while stoners failed....honestly what's more dangerous, a craving for a cheese burger mid shift, or going fuck bananas all the time and erratically moving dangerous objects around?
Next up - James P. Albini, "specializing in "motorcycle head injuries, worker's comp, and diet pill lawsuits." 
The GOP isn't even right wing they're so fucked lol.. 

I hear you but uniting under establishment dems is a tough pill to swallow especially because they are opposed to left policies.
FUCK I thought it was bitter little pill my joke failed and yours succeeded.
&gt; But we're still paying for it through taxes.

The Red Pill is in your hand.  Now it's your choice.
So would that mean I can have both of the things I love (weed and firearms) without being treated as a criminal? Or is that something that will still be choose your pill?
Doctor Scott Atlas urges people to rise up with his new male enhancement formula. Concocted in a Stanford lab, this pill will increase your penis size 420% and make you last 69% longer in bed. The formula will also grab you by the balls and will raise your testosterone levels by a whopping 1776%! Call 1-800-FUCK-YOU for more information.
A Jagged Little Pill maybe
America is a shithole country and this is what shithole countries do- allow Trunt's kind of shitty behavior because it benefits the ultra-wealthy by drawing attention away from the wealth transfer.

Bitter pill to swallow at my advanced age, but it rings true.
I am not a/your doctor, but if this unusual for you then my first guess would be the depakote as the culprit.

I was known as the chill quite dude at work. I quickly became the guy who curses at everything and punches/kicks inanimate objects when they don’t “do what I want them to do”

My computer won’t send an email? Holy fuck this piece of fucking shit sucks ass and should just burst into flames...

I stubbed my toe because I was walking to the bathroom in the dark? Punch the wall with a closed fist...

Depakote isn’t the only medication that does this to me. I’ve tried keppra, lamotrigine, aptiom, and depakote. They all create some form of “extra negative emotion outburst.”

Eating isn’t the only solution, it just helps with staying focused.
If you have to take any drug that is similar to the above, I believe you will have to find some new way to deal with these strong emotions.

My theory is this: I am prescribed these pills because there is a region in my brain that signals/thoughts just shouldn’t go through (a piece of my front left temporal lobe in fact). Now, think of your brain like a city, and your brain’s signals/thoughts as cars going to work or whatever in the city. That spot in my temporal lobe is like a section of the city that sucks to drive through due to construction/trains/bad lights/whatever. Before these pills, everyone still tried to drive through this crappy part of the city (my brain) because that’s how it’s always been done. These pills though, they act as a way to divert this traffic through other, less congested roads. So instead of “driving on the crappy freeway home like normal” the cars/thoughts see that it’s actually faster to go home taking the backroads, even though it’s not “conventional.” So now, the cars/thoughts aren’t going through the crappy parts of the city/brain, but newer more efficient routes. But these new roads don’t really know how to support these new drivers yet and there are still some potholes and whatever that all the “new drivers” aren’t used too, so the people/residents living there get more frustrated at these crappy new drivers and have outbursts with the city council aka your brain has negative thoughts.

There’s a period of time where these “new drivers” have to learn the new route and the people living in that part of the city/brain have to get used to the new drivers.

Sorry to ramble on about this, the point I wanted to make was, don’t get discouraged if depakote doesn’t work perfect right away at first as the other options aren’t completely different. You’ll have to find some way of controlling this besides “just swallowing a pill.” Meditation/yoga/working out/sleeping/eating right are all ways to help both the “drivers and residents” in your city/brain get a long.

It really sucks that other people go through this too, and it’s so hard to know exactly what’s causing the “problem,” so my support goes out to anyone reading this.

There are some positives though!
1) No more seizures, yay!
2) My senses are cranked up to 11 now. Hearing, smelling, touching, tasting, and seeing are all absurdly good at noticing all the details in everything. YMMV but I do really enjoy that aspect of it. Again, I think it’s because my brain’s “new traffic routes” are just that much better than the crappy “roads” my thoughts used to take, at least when it comes to perception.

Best of luck =)
Imagine all the empty Adderall pill bottles...
It's the party of the angry sons and daughters of angry chain-smoking, day-drinking, pill-popping, Rush Limbaugh listening 1950/60's housewives, together with their own angry sons and daughters. That's all it is.
This is really bad and not that bad at the same point. Political platforms are very fickle as we've learned since 2016. The only thing that really matters is how many voters you bring in. Trump was able to gain control because he was able to bring  more disenfranchised GOP voters back to the table than those that he drove off. It isn't magic; it's just math. And the GOP couldn't do it without the extra voters. That's why they need him; but on the other hand all they have to do is change their platform to bring more people in than Trump does, and he's dead in the water. That's the optimistic thing about the how politics and parties evolve. Now for the bad news. The GOP has been toxifying their platform ever since the Reagan coalition collapsed with Gingrich's take over in 1997. Their platform is so incompatible with so many things it's so hard to bring in anyone new that doesn't turn off other people. It's a poison pill intrinsic to how they built the platform on demonizing other ideas. So they can do it; it'll just take bold moves, of which would be good for the entire country and world.
I agree on the messaging, disagree on the policies, they do benefit working class people. But the modern GOP is as much driven by feelings as the so called SJWs they claim to despise. There is also the religious right that cannot be reasoned with but have become a powerful voting block. Best thing we can do is counter the misinformation, work for and enact popular policies that benefit the majority and bring economic prosperity to the entire US and for the SJWs to tone it down and take a chill pill. We need to focus on getting shit done and communicate how we’re doing it so people can connect the policies with their own situations. We also urgently need a voting rights act and fight partisan gerrymandering.
Where dude??? You should show us the proof so we can red pill our faces off.
Every time I hear the red pill analogy, I think of when Mr.Burns drove by in his 1936 maroon Stutz Bearcat and Chief Wiggum said it was more of a Burgundy. All of these god damned conspiracies get the Telephone game treatment, so by the time you do come across someone in-person who spouts the shit, who knows what color THEIR pill even was.
We can agree that everyone, on all sides, can benefit from a massive chill pill, or a chill spliff for that matter.
I’m not arguing with you there, necessarily.   I don’t know if he’ll ever concede but I hope he does at some point, though how can he walk all that back at this point?  

Maybe he thinks this helps his brand in the long run or he is just incapable of admitting defeat.   He did get trounced in front of the whole world, and will be one of a small group of 1 term presidents.  
That’s a difficult pill for any one to swallow.
Do a deep dive they say.  The truth will come out, the dem governors are going to gitmo and the quantum financial system will kick in by January and we will enter the light.  This from my wife of 20 years who said not a peep about politics until April 2020 when she became enlightened, took the red pill, and now spends every waking hour listening to podcasts.  The BLM protests / riots and the governors shutdown / mask mandates knocked her off her rocker,  I can only hope the truth does come out and she will come around.
Clue you have taken the red pill:  
You use a movies reference as part of your personal identity.
That's a misinterpretation of the Red Pill.
They also freak out if you ask them if talking about red pills means they're trans (red pill is a trans metaphor)
Wow, bold of you to assume that I don't help out. I do help addicts and do charity work. 

 Clearly you don't know shit about addiction because it's not a choice or a path you choose to go down. Addiction is a disease that ruins lives and is NOT a testament of character. Considering that the opioid epidemic is ruining thousands of lives and that these companies and pill pushing doctors aren't facing proper consequences, yes the president does have a job to fix policy surrounding pharmaceuticals. These companies are now settling in the lawsuits against them by state and local governments, but a part of the deal is that they will not be able to be charged in the future. It is the role of our government now to use those billions of dollars in settlements to create preventative programs, awareness campaigns, and aid for the communities harmed (which is literally every community at this point). Having a president who takes this seriously and wants to reduce opioid prescriptions and creates a more cohesive plan at this HUGE turning point as "big pharma" settles is A HUGE PART OF HIS FUCKING JOB. I don't know if you realize it, but public policy and leading the country IS the duty of the president, and maybe you haven't noticed, but the opioid epidemic has been a huge fucking issue since the 90s.

Hunter's addiction didn't start because he was going down dark alleys buying heroin. That's not how this shit starts. No one just DECIDES to become an addict. His drug addiction started due to his peers doing cocaine and offering him some. And not only did he get turned into drugs in college like so many dumb kids, he grew up in the public eye under intense scrutiny. Then he lost his fucking brother to cancer. You SERIOUSLY oversimplify addiction to a disgusting extent. 

Regarding the foreign conflict of interest, there's no damning evidence in the Ukraine thing, and for the China thing, the big transaction happened while Joe Biden wasn't even in office. They are probably shady, I wouldn't be surprised if everyone in the government was corrupt, but addiction has absolutely nothing to do with foreign business. If you want to criticize Hunter for his business, go right on ahead. But the personal attacks on his character because of addiction, especially as a reflection of his father, is completely fucked up and has nothing to do with Biden's ability to be president.
Yeah they call it “red pilling” someone when they indoctrinate someone into the cult basically.  (Based on the Matrix red/blue pill choice).  But thanks to how badly they’ve fucked the reference up, they don’t realize they’re still in the Matrix eating Smith-approved steak
Take a pill, dude.  I was hoping to get the edit in before you read it.  Not a devious ploy to humiliate you.   I didn't say they were equivalent.  I said they would perceive it with the same degree of offense.  Relative perception.
I don’t link to the NYPost often but when I do.... https://nypost.com/2018/09/23/ex-trump-staffer-accused-of-slipping-abortion-pill-into-girlfriends-smoothie/
Jason Miller. Basically he’s a douchebag in Trump’s administration who is a deadbeat dad, looks like a thumb with a goatee, and tried to sneak a day after pill to some stripper he got pregnant.
Inbreeding. 

&gt;the abortion pill smoothie guy

LMFAO. You have to explain this to me. I haven't heard anything about this.
Between her, Charlie Kirk, the abortion pill smoothie guy...what is it about conservativism and disproportionate facial features?
&gt;This is a mega-red pill moment

Riiight.
Is he though? 1994 crime bill, being one of the Democrats most in support of the Iraq war, personally trying to persecute Snowden and Assange? Is that really ‘exactly what we need’? It’s like everyone has has swallowed the “lesser of two evils” pill so hard they have convinced themselves that Biden is actually a good candidate
I have no hope that the wedding industry in Hawaii will be back within the year. That sure was a tough pill to swallow when I finally got laid off.
The whole "safe space" thing started when conservatives were getting shouted down on college campuses. It's only gotten worse since then now that most Republicans are willing to swallow the blue pill and live in alternate universe about Obama being a secret muslim, Biden stealing an election, and the coronavirus being made in a lab. Oh, and they're a lot more violent about enforcing that alternate reality they've bubbled themselves in. Some of that is being done on purpose on social media, like a badge of honor, to show their fellow safe spacers that they got kicked off of Twitter or Facebook or wherever.
Donald Trump comes in pill form?
&amp;#x200B;

&gt; And on a less political side of this : it’s not fair for US students to  be crippled with debt when most students in the developed world can get  their education for free. If anything else it makes the US uncompetitive  on the world job market. 

So a lot of problems with student debet comes down to a few things

first being poorly written legislation in regards to collage or student loans. The primary thing being that students can not have a clean slate after declaring bankruptcy. An individual can do that for mortgages, car loans and any number of other debts either business or personal, but not for student loans. 

&amp;#x200B;

Second We give said loans to individuals with no regard for their possible career path. Somebody gets a degree in political science with a 100k debt and all to often a waiter will make more money than them, that's a problem. Somebody becomes a doctor, a 200k debt isn't a problem so affordability is relative. If banks(or government, Little fuzzy on which gives out the loans) would look at job trajectories in regards to possible future income student debt would be lower but because the bankruptcy card isn't in play they don't have to worry about poor investments. 

Third we are giving theses loans to people who largely haven't paid off any kind of large loan. They likely don't realize how much money 10K is nevermind 50k or 100k.

 Fourth many other collages in Europe have much higher bars for entrance than American collages. Not every tom dick and larry can enter a US collage but far to often you have large numbers of people who shouldn't be going to collage, as an end result you have a shortage of qualified teachers. Additionally the number of administrators at universities has grown for reasons I honestly don't know . In America we tell all our high school students to go to collages and tell none of them to go to a vocational training school. Europe has educational tracts where it helps people figure out their career paths in high school. Some go to collage, many go to vocational training schools.   


The legislation needs to be fixed. The predatory pricing of collages also needs to be fixed as well but that's a different discussion. I am also not having my tax payer dollars go to wiping out a collage student's debt When I payed my dues. Its equivalent to the family that has spent money irresponsible and having nothing left for retirement getting money from their neighbor who diligently saved money for retirement. Dose it suck? yes, but I am not responsible for another individuals bad choices. and if you disagree than keep in mind in the medical field you don't give new livers to people who drink the old liver into a nonfunctional state.

&amp;#x200B;

now moving along to why I said it is unfair. Its unfair because somebody who was responsible and didn't have debt didn't get any of it written off and their money is being use to write that debt off , and taxpayer money is their money. It's not fair for me to take you money and pay off my debts with me giving you nothing in return. If I get lung cancer because I smoke That is on me not you. Its kind of you to help pay for those debts but you have no obligation to, and you honestly shouldn't. Likewise If I'm irresponsible in taking out a mortgage loan That I cant pay back, you have no obligation to pay for it. Same for student loans. The fact that you are comparing individual irresponsibility to slavery is a character attack in bad taste and I would ask that you remove that. The fact that we encourage Gender studies , Political science and such over something such as chemical engineering, or really anything in the STEM field is a problem.

&amp;#x200B;

As for fixing it? Student loans in general need to be reworked. Make bankruptcy a Thing for them, Cap loans at a certain amount for certain degrees as I honestly believe allowing somebody to take a 100k loan out when they a projected income of 50k or less in predatory ( Yes it needs some work for doctors debt but I'm just spit balling) Or perhaps have an interest accumulation limit before the interest drops to zero. Interest can not accrue a monetary value in excess of ... (again spit balling )25% of the loans vaule. Or perhaps a longer zero interest Time period for them to get their feet under them.   


  

Education rant over

So the main issue with forcing individuals such as a priest or a relgsious baker to have the wedding, is that you are forcing people to celebrate what they view as a sin. Plenty( not all but plenty) of religious people will be happy for them but they won’t attend the wedding, or the reception as that is celebrating the sin. That is why some individuals decline to provide services to Homosexual weddings, because they are celebrating a sin. It is not nearly of the scale or horror of asking a Jewish baker to bake a cake celebrating Hitlers B-day but it is in the same vein. Also It isn’t just Christians, It is also Muslims and Jews.  To provide further examples I will not celebrate somebody killing somebody else… unless they are a figure as bad as Hitler or Stalin which is a surprisingly high bar, not that the interwebs knows that. Most just ask that you respect that, Just like how Muslims ask that you respect the fact that they don’t eat bacon. Hell, the cake baker in Colorado may have been able to recommend a good cake bakery if the couple had asked. 

Moving along to your second point, the grounds for denying services at wedding is that they are celebrating a sin (which according to the bible god reduced a city to rubble over). That argument holds no sway over providing things such a blood transfusion, organ donations or other services. And to further clarify, being homosexual isn’t the sin, anal sex is. Not that a lot of christens care or even know about that but please respect the few that do. I would also argue that you need to provides evidence that you are indeed a religious individual, so we know you are not just saying that. 

Moving along to prescriptions the first issue Is that America just uses to much pharmaceutical drugs in general. American has less than 30% of the worlds population but consumes 80% of prescription Opioids. Part of the Reason that American pays out the wazoo for Drugs is that we consume so many of them. Problem number two is  we also don’t know the price of said drugs because insurance companies kind of hide it, which was why trump and others are advocating for more transparency with insurance billing. The third Issue is just how advertisement works for prescription medication. I don’t think it is the same in Europe or Canada but in American Drug companies can advertise direct to consumer. At one point in time pharmaceutical companies could only advertise to doctors but there was a lawsuit that went to the supreme court over it….. I wish I could recall the name off the top of my head. Point is that changed things. Doctors can push people towards a more affordable options if they are convinced this miracle pill that the guy on the TV told them would solve all their problems is an option.
Even harder pill to swallow that trump lost to biden with the same number of votes that he had, calling it a "landslide."
Tough pill to swallow when the dems spent the last 4 years delegitimizing the previous election 🤣
They have a pill for that.
Sigh. The damage he's referring to are Americans who now doubt our democracy. 

But that might be too hard of a pill to swallow for QAnon and QAnon lite.
Peterson got famous for egregiously misrepresenting a bill intended to protect trans people in Canada by extending their human rights charter to cover gender identity and sexual orientation the same way it does skin color or religion. His whole shtick was that they were now thought-policing and you'll be able to be thrown in jail for accidentally misgendering someone on the street which is an obvious lie and extremely transphobic when combined with his refusal to use a student's proper pronouns and his statement “I am not going to be a mouthpiece for language that I detest, and that’s that”.   

Jordan Peterson is a man who has said that feminists have an “unconscious wish for brutal male domination.” He’s a guy who rails against divorce, and the birth control pill because women would likely be happier if they “allow themselves to be transformed by nature into mothers,” and because allowing women to choose anything other than motherly transformation leads to declining birth rates “in the West” that might “do us all in.”

There's a lot more that I don't have time to get into right now but this [medium-length article](https://www.macleans.ca/opinion/the-context-of-jordan-petersons-thoughts-on-enforced-monogamy/) covers his BS pretty well and gives plenty of context around his problematic statements because his default defense is "You took me out of context! I never said it like that!" He uses his PhD in clinical psychology as a way to lend false credibility to his toxic beliefs like "Hey, I have a PhD in psychology, you can trust me when I say hierarchies are the natural order of life. Look at lobsters, they're ancient and have hierarchies. Wow." 

The worst thing about him isn't that he's adjacent to the Jones grifter circle, it's that he hides his bunk in shallow self-help advice that you could get out of a thrift store bookshelf like a trojan horse. If you follow his self help advice it'll probably work but it's super generic like every single other self help program/book/pamphlet and it'll open you up to accepting his BS.
&gt; i think for people whose idenities are tied into their jobs, thats still a bitter pill to swallow.

It's less about identities and more about dignity.  Coal mining made a good living, especially in Appalachia.  $25-50/hr was the norm. When people talk about retraining with "Green Jobs" and IT, most of the time they're talking about getting paid on a 1099 and making $11/hr solar installer jobs and $9/hr jobs as helpdesk or a [facebook moderator that gets driven insane](https://www.theverge.com/2019/2/25/18229714/cognizant-facebook-content-moderator-interviews-trauma-working-conditions-arizona), often having to uproot their lives in the process. It's practically sadistic.
To answer your unasked question, they put a spike in her head because she was partially developmentally disabled and suffered from frequent mood swings and infrequent seizures. And let's not act like Jack was the one who signed off on it, that was all Joe. There's even a high likelihood that none of her siblings even knew about the lobotomy until years later. Rosemary was already suffering from medical problems, so an institutionalizion wouldn't have been off the table, lobotomy or no.

And on the topic of lobotomies, let's also not act like they weren't god's saving grace to the American people in the mid-20th century. Institutions were filling to the brim because we'd just had another world war that left millions of men, women, and children with 'shellshock', and many of them weren't fit to live normal lives unattended. Before we get into how we fix that, let's discuss the history of leucotomies, as they were originally called.

So in comes Antonio Moniz with this amazing concoction of drilling into the brain cavity and melting brain matter with alcohol, which by some miracle seems to actually *work* in the long run. People are reporting their symptoms are alleviated, no more depression, no more anxiety, no more voices. It seems relatively safe (long term trials pending) and the patients tend to heal right up, with very few side effects.

Give it a few years, and Walter Freeman and James Watts show up to put a spin on things. At first, they're doing the good ol' drill and pour, but then they decide to innovate and go for the new drill and tap method, because if we can sever this section of the frontal lobe manually, maybe it'll be better.

And hey, it does work. Same results, no more depression, no more anxiety, no more voices. But... also no more *anything else*. These patients are usually low functioning at best, and at worst, they end up like Rosemary where they're regressed to an infant disposition and it's a gold star day if they can get through without drooling on themselves.

But then, Freeman, who isn't a surgeon, decides he wants to streamline the process more. Make it quicker, and (more importantly for him) make it possible without a fancy surgical drill and thus, without a fancy surgical license. In comes the now-famous transorbital lobotomy. No license, no drill, no knockout, nothing! Just lie back and let me stick these ice picks into your eye sockets, and we'll have you 'cured' in half an hour, flat. Sure, Watts would immediately decry the new method as barbaric and immediately stop practicing with Freeman, but he was really just the licensed surgeon, and we don't need him around anymore!

So now that we've established how we got to the stage of the drive-thru lobotomy, let's circle back around to how it became so popular. Remember those institutions that were chock full of patients? These places started calling up Freeman, and having him perform this miracle treatment *en masse*. And the worst thing is, Freeman was using these operations as a sales pitch for lobotomies to the general public. So there was actually some semblance of public support for the procedure, even if practically every medical professional from here to the moon was decrying it as dangerous and horrific in all but the worst cases.

So yeah, lobotomies were actually pretty chic until we realized you didn't need to go digging around in someone's head, and instead could take a little pill to help with your mental issues instead.
In an election between a sweet shop owner and a doctor, the candy always beats the bitter pill.
When my gall bladder was removed Zofran kept me alive.  When I ran out insurance refused to pay for the refill because they allowed 30 per month and I was taking it multiple times a day.  It cost $7 each pill back then to fill it.  I had to change over to Phenergan, I was also on percocet due to the pain and that was the worst mix ever.  It knocked me on my ass, I hate that medicine.  Zofran is such an amazing nausea medicine, I had zero side effects from it.  I am extremely sorry she is going through that, it is absolute bullshit.  I hope she feels well soon.
I honestly feel slightly sad for people who fall for that. Autoimmune gave me the dreaded “brain fog” which Nerfs my cognitive abilities. I’d love a prescription drug that could help with this symptom. Not a smart pill, just a medicine to reduce what appears to be brain inflammation. But even I’m well-aware that this doesn’t exist yet because if it did, some big pharmaceutical company would be selling it to people with neurological problems. If there’s only “supplements”, nobody knows what chemicals could help yet. 

I’m mildly hopeful for hallucinogenic plants/fungi being studied. I mean, it’s unlikely, but who knows? I’d love clearer thoughts and fewer migraines. Sadly the same people taking unknown ingredient smart pills probably would be scared of trying prescription drugs because that’s “unnatural” or “too expensive” or “that’s a hippie thing”. This why I feel bad for them: I have neurological problems and I’m still somehow more aware of reality. That’s gotta suck, having less cognitive ability than a person who even has a dent in their skull.
Reality is a hell of a drug.

Conspiracy is an easier pill to digest.

Weak, weak minds.
&gt; But he already has had a few successful lawsuits in PA and GA, and you can’t deny that, sorry but not only is trump filing successful lawsuits 

The only successful lawsuits so far that i've seen were in PA for minor stuff like allowing the observers to be able to get closer to the people the counting the ballots and one to force PA to segregate ballots that arrived after 8PM on election day, which they were already doing and already were not included in the counts.  Everything else has thrown out and or is still pending and none of it appears to be legitimate. Trump's lawyers are also abandoning him. 

&gt; there is something fishy going on and whether or not Trump wins by votes in the end is Irrelevant because if these lawsuits continue to be successful Biden could get Disqualified for cheating, and that is a decision made by the Supreme Court

Based on what exactly? The lawsuits are a complete joke and his lawyers know that and are saying something completely different in court than what's being said outside of court because they are worried about getting sanctioned or disbarred over these lawsuits.

Why did the Department of Homeland Security call election "the most secure in American history"

&gt;  if these lawsuits continue to be successful Biden could get Disqualified for cheating, 

They have not been successful other then minor ones that are irrelevant.

&gt; it’s a hard pill to swallow but sometimes it just so happens that the government actually enforces the law, but nevertheless this is yet to be seen, and for all we know it was fringe events and a few random errors, nevertheless it is not something we can just discount and it will have to be something to keep an eye on

What laws have been broken exactly? There is ZERO evidence of cheating... 

It's over
But he already has had a few successful lawsuits in PA and GA, and you can’t deny that, sorry but not only is trump filing successful lawsuits but people in both GA, PA, and Nevada have started filing individual lawsuits with legitimate evidence, there is something fishy going on and whether or not Trump wins by votes in the end is Irrelevant because if these lawsuits continue to be successful Biden could get Disqualified for cheating, and that is a decision made by the Supreme Court, which as we all know is Republican controlled at the moment, and not only that but 3 of the 5 Republicans were heavily harassed before entering that position, so I doubt that they will show Biden of all people any mercy, it’s a hard pill to swallow but sometimes it just so happens that the government actually enforces the law, but nevertheless this is yet to be seen, and for all we know it was fringe events and a few random errors, nevertheless it is not something we can just discount and it will have to be something to keep an eye on
Well, let's at least provide some context for your bullet points:

[#1: However, patients are within their legal right to choose their doctor and physicians and researchers support increasing opportunities for black patients to see black doctors. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.newsweek.com/seattles-autonomous-zone-protesters-demand-race-based-health-carewould-it-work-1511163%3famp=1)

[#2 is about the fact that gentrification happened, I guess -- "ex-redline" neighborhoods can be rebuilt and sold off to more affluent folks](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.blackenterprise.com/black-lives-matter-protesters-demand-white-gentrifiers-give-black-people-back-their-homes-in-seattle/amp/)

#3 I can't find a source about specifically given a cursory search, will revisit if needed

#4 I can't find a *reliable* source for this. An 8 second twitter video that appears to be cut from a longer video seems a bit off to me. I need to find a story about that even in more detail than that. It looks bad but it also smells weird. 

[#5 the mayor pledged $100 million, it isn't clear where the money comes from, and advocates aren't a big factor in how the spending is alloted. Activists demanded a role in the process, but they were the ones promised the money first.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/politics/seattle-mayor-jenny-durkans-100-million-pledge-for-bipoc-communities-stirs-questions/%3famp=1)

#6 I will come back to if needed, I want to say other stuff.

The rhetoric can be perceived as "racial essentialism", but I'm not sure it is. Like, specific groups are affected by specific issues specifically -- is those groups advocating for their needs *really* racial essentialism, or is it actually trying to solve a distinct issue?

And it's worth noting that their "equal rights amendment" is a double edged sword -- it can neither discriminate nor show favor. I will try to read some more about it, but tying  discrimination and affirmative action together is a hell of a poison pill. There are things that show that a lack of affirmative action is causing certain communities to be underrepresented (often the same communities that are and have been impoverished for generations) in higher education, which makes for not so good social mobility, which continues negative trends in the at risk communities. Minorities are underrepresented and that can't be fixed if their "equal rights amendment" effectively cements the disparity. 

Ultimately, identity politics is a thought terminating cliche for too many people. It's a gloss over all the nuance, because it takes practical and sometimes life and death matters and makes them seem like they're all about an essential quality. It's almost like saying "of course they'd say that, they're black/sjw/gay/whatever" and turning to something else. The problem is that it's become a giant aegis against actual thought about those issues or any empathy with those involved. Something can be racist in effect without being racist in intent, and "identity politics" is a euphemism designed to bottle that lightning. Because instead of dealing with the problems, people pontificate about how fucked "identity politics" is.
I’ve argued with a few of them as well. You ask them for evidence or proof and they can supply zero. The come back is always, “it’s feels like” or “it just seems like” comments with zero evidence to back up their claims. But that said, you aren’t going to change their position mostly because I think they just aren’t going to swallow the pill and admit that more people just voted for Biden. Trumps got them blaming everyone else and the media vs ever just looking in the mirror and seeing the real answer and talking responsibility. It’s pretty hopeless trying to rationalize with those clowns. That’s ok. Only a few days left and he’s gone.
He'll get longer than that...in prison. Best to swallow that pill sooner more than later.
Ugh 🤦‍♂️ Seems like at some point there has to be consequences for the penis pill and Nigerian prince type spam lawsuits.
I mean it's all pretty much the same cesspool isn't it? Incels, the maga crowd, men's rights, red pill, black pill, conspiracy nutters, /pol. Just a bunch of sexually frustrated white dudes that feel that life didn't give them what they deserved and have come together to blame the rest of the world for it.
That's some funny S right there. They need a blue pill for pee aim too.
Pelosi refuses to work with them because the GOP is including a poison pill that makes it impossible to sue a company if you get COVID because they're not following safety guidelines. Stop letting these treasonous fucks off the hook by blaming the Democrats.
This whole thing was a propaganda pill for his followers. For the next 4 years he’ll say he was “cheated”, thus adding fuel to the fire that are his uneducated, conspiracy loving base. 

He can then:

-	Keep asking for money from the poor to get him elected again
-	Get viewers for Trump TV

I’d like to think this would be impossible in the UK, but I think Trumpism represents a growing problem in the 21st century.
Here is the problem that somehow the left never ever understands.  Rural America votes on TWO issues and there is nothing more important. They would vote for Josef Stalin if he made them comfortable in these two areas:

#Abortion
#Gun control

Virtually nothing else moves the needle

1) They believe that Democrats want to hand out free abortions up to an including 10 minutes before the baby is born.  And idiots in NY pass laws without explaining them that would allow it. They believe abortion is the murder of a child.  And that Democrats/Hollywood elites want it to be the same as taking the pill.  They are never ever going to do the research or try to understand the reasons why. (I say this as a reasonably pro-choice conservative)

2) They believe Democrats are coming to take their guns.  They fear not only having their ability to defend themselves and their homes taken away, but the removal of their hunting and outdoor sports privileges.  Democrats must stop leaving open the option of gun confiscation, mandatory buybacks, etc.  There are 300 Million firearms in this country, 99.999% in legal, responsible hands.  That genie is out of the bottle.  If you would make it EXPLICITY clear (which even Biden stated platform failed on) that taking away their possessions isn't going to happen, then they will consider voting the way you would expect them to.

NOBODY on the left understands this.
"Idk, sounds expensive. Think I'll just do nothing"

Frankly that we got any support is even with poison pill corporate money is a little unbelievable. I said at the time that the ruling class would NEVER let that happen again, and a UBI is even worse to them, complete anathema. American's need to start dumpster diving.
They’ve already started spouting off their fiscal conservatism...and it’s a bold faced lie, republicans are not the party of fiscal conservatism and the past 60 years prove it, democrats want to spend wisely and have plans to pay for their spending...republicans just want to spend spend spend spend and spend so that money goes to their donors and friends and there is never a plan to pay it back.

In 2021 there will be a poison pill activated in the “trump tax cuts” and middle and lower class taxes will go up...I guaran fucking tee you that in 22 the Republican Party will be running on the “Biden and evil socialist democrats raised your taxes” and we damn well know that it was a Republican house, a Republican senate and a Republican president who passed and signed this poison pill in law
Remember the tax breaks that expired (rather will expire under Biden). The acolytes are too stupid to understand that and will simply go “Trump make taxes go down....taxes went up so obviously Biden did that”.  I remember ranting that the expiration was a literal poison pill to hedge against Trump. And the corporate tax breaks, those are permanent because F us I guess
Warp factor 3 with a pill, and if it's warm out.
That's a hard pill to swallow.

But Biden still won, thank fuck.
Swept under the rug and Trump not going to jail are two completely different things in a lot of cases. Not being able to prosecute any federal crimes at all is a real possibility, through no fault of our own, let alone actually having evidence to prosecute, “obvious” doesn’t count in a court of law. 

As far as NY state, it seems pretty obvious that they are going to do what they can, the biggest thing is even though he’s seemingly ready to burn down the GOP to soothe his ego, there’s enough relevant hitters left standing that even if they despise Trump, they sure as hell aren’t going to lay down if it means they are at risk as well, which every single one of them is at risk. So a byproduct of using their influence to save themselves will most likely be saving Trump as well, again at least on a federal level. 

A conviction isn’t strictly necessary either, at the very least we need investigations into his biggest crimes, there’s so much of it, but at least bring to lite exactly what Barr and Trump were getting up to. 

We just can’t afford to have this turn out like Nixon, but that was also different as he was followed up by his VP. So there’s still plenty of opportunity here to do it differently. I just think there’s some people out there who might have their expectations too high. 

Even in the ideal scenario, it’s not be some magic pill that fixes everything. He will ALWAYS be viewed as a martyr by the mass majority of people that voted for him, logic/facts/reason/reality mean nothing to these people. But for the history books, we need a metaphorical flogging to take place to try and stop this from happening again.
Guns are a component, yes.
But "mental health" is a *whole* other issue entirely. Still part of the gun violence problem, but the pervasive mental health crisis in the United States is **so** much more widespread and deeply rooted. There is no magic pill, legal weed would only take an edge off for some people, and there aren't enough therapists in the history of the world to start to address it all. 

We have multiple consecutive generations of people that have their jobs as the primary factor in their personal identity. We have pervasive overwork for underpay. We have a toxic "work ethic" that prioritizes corporate profits over family life. We work people to death and then criticize them for even wanting healthcare *coverage*, let alone actually *seeking* care. Our children are still being taught to be factory workers for a future where all manufacturing is either robotic or Chinese. We're a car-obsessed culture when the damn things are literally killing the planet.

We're way more fucked up with "mental health" than just the gun violence issue.
My family used to call this the behavior of a "sulky baby" sulking in a corner when they didn't get their way. If we continued being an absolute pill, eventually we'd be told to "go cut a switch". That was usually enough to snap us out if it.
Many of my relatives have taken the stupid pill as well
Wasn’t there some nonsense conspiracy theory on infowars or whatever about him having some pill that he would pop into his mouth to make him shed tears?!
The presidential pardon is overpowered regardless of self pardoning. Trump could order someone to enter Congress or SCOTUS Rambo style and kill everyone on the other side of the aisle, then pardon them afterwards. The go under anaesthesia/take a sleeping pill so the veep gets sworn in long enough to issue a pardon on Trump. And hey presto, the president has taken over all branches of government with no legal repercussions.

(It’s completely unrealistic that Trump would do this, but if you are president and want to take over the country, pardons mean very much can be done without challenges from the courts.)
Lots of evangelicals think that the birth control pill is a form of abortion. Don't ask because I don't get it, either. I've heard the argument, it's just stupid but these people also think that a dead carpenter is control of everything, so there's not much evidence-based critical thinking going on.
Like many of Americas problems, mass shootings on the level of Sandy Hook (FYI, most mass shootings arent anything like that; high profile ones are very rare and the most common aren't something you'd even think to call a mass shooting) is a problem too complicated to resolve one dimensionally. 

Yes, our gun control laws need work. Enforcement needs massive improvement, and there are way too many holes and loops to be exploited that need to be patched. And thats BEFORE we can even realistically talk about any new laws; cant clean a bucket of shit water with clean water, you just get more shit water. 

But we also need extensive social, education, and healthcare reforms. We need to lift the floor for poverty for everyone in the country, and we need to instill some level of accountability and responsibility on the media, both mass and social. 

All of these issues exacerbate one another and you cant just attack one issue and expect anything to get fixed. 

And yes, Republican politicians have historically blocked all of this, but this election has shown that it doesnt matter what they want. People will stand behind good policy when its separated from toxic political labelling. This is something Democrats will have to contend with going forward, as the name Democrat is becoming just as much a poison pill as anything else, and not just for those who listen to right wing media.
&gt; she says “nothing is better than something”.

When exactly did she say that? When she approached the negotiating table consistently and has reduced the House bill several times, ending up a trillion less than the original bill?

Or when she refused the poison pill language that strips employer liability for forcing employees to work in COVID positive environments in the Republican bills? Or the language cutting EITC, Child Care credits, and including more tax breaks on the top wealthiest people in the republican bills?

Or when McConnell said he wouldn't allow a vote even on the Administration's proposals at $1.8T, saying nothing over $1T would get time on the floor?

Don't misconstrue Pelosi's refusal to eat the "You'll take what we give you and like it" GOP lunch with her believing "nothing is better than something."

This is 100% on McConnell and the GOP. They want to debate the bill? Then debate the bill. But this bullshit of obstructionism and the GOP's dereliction of duty being somehow put on Pelosi's shoulders is disgusting.
Not saying he won't make money (it certainly won't make him what he owes to Deutsche Bank), but he will be as fringe as Jones.  He won't be able to take it mainstream.
It'll be super low production values, herbal pill ads and the same shit on repeat 24/7.  Even the most ardent supporters will drop off until he's left with fringe loons that are inconsequential to U.S. politics.
Yeah....that's worked in the past /s

How about this: free and easy availability to birth control (especially for teens) and eliminate the age barrier for buying the morning after pill.
With the installation of Trump to the office of POTUS, **Putin effectively nuked American Democracy**.

Trump has been the ultimate poison pill for American Democracy, he is a literal WMD. Putin has pulled off the unthinkable, dethroning the greatest superpower in history without firing a single bullet.

...and the Republican Party helped him every step of the way.
This is basically the once in a lifetime poison pill of the demise of democracy. Soon the nightmare of what would happen if you voted in a sociopath with the morality and wisdom of a 13 year old boy will end.
Don't know about "strongest", but I suppose the main drift across those testimonies is that the observers couldn't really properly observe what was happening due to the physical layout of the space and also being prevented from entering the counting area in general. So, in that way, that was defeating the purpose of having them there a bit. Unfortunately, it really seems that many of these observers tried to be a nuisance, so I can't even blame the poll workers for being a bit robust in their handling of them. But generally it seems all sides could have benefited from taking a chill pill or two.
The end of the article says the mushrooms amendment could scuttle the bill as it could be seen as a poison pill... ugh
A lost decade for the entire US.  That's a hard pill to swallow.  Even after the virus is over, I think we're looking at a decade before the economy really gets going again.
I already see it now, refuse to amend the poison pill in trumps “tax cuts” and let the middle and lower classes taxes increase in 2021, republicans will run on “democrats raised your taxes”
They're trying to kill it. This amendment is a poison pill, meant to give politicians in the pocket of the police unions an excuse to sabotage the law's implementation.

It's exactly what happened with Medical Cannabis in NJ, and we should not expect lawmakers to behave in good faith.
I agree with both above. Firstly, that’s not what the emergency pill does. It delays the release of the egg, not kill the embryo. That’s why you take it within 72hrs of intercourse. It has almost no effect if you are already pregnant. 

Second, I agree not everyone knows everything about anything no matter if you are a doctor or a judge. However, I expect an esteemed individual who holds any leadership position to present accurate facts when making a keynote speech, esp if you have harsh opinions about it. 

Assuming things makes him an ass and it is pathetic.
One thing though, that would be amazing if there was no compromise at all. I voted Biden, and if there's any funny business then we need make sure he is inaugurated on the 20th. Fullstop. OK? That being said, 

&amp;#x200B;

 it's weird to me, after the last four years of hearing non-stop about how our system is broken, how we are completely defensless to the Russains and Chinese interefering, that now this one was locked down tight, with no evidence there was any attempt to do anything? And this by the department that has so far seemed very much in Trump's pocket?   


Doesn't that seem notable? It doesn't change my vote. It doesn't bring me any closer to any red pill crazyness, but still. Nothing? Aren't we under attack or something? Were the last 4 years just a complete bullshit storm from all side?
The legislator who added this wanted to stay anonymous. So don't get too excited yet:

&gt; Some industry insiders, who did not want to be identified, believe that the addition of the mushroom amendment could serve as a “poison pill” and scuttle the bill.
It passed committee. It is very possible the addition of mushrooms was a poison pill.
The only pill you need is the truth. For all you deniers of election fraud by the Democrats just need to look at what evidences are being presented by the Trump team. And if you are honest to yourself, you should see that there are clear evidences of ballot fraud at massive scale, i.e. a fraud that an individual can not pull off on his or her own.  But you have to care enough to look up the information and read 100s of pages of documents, all available publicly.  If you just consume garbages coming from CNN, MSNBC and dont think for yourself, there is no way to know the truth, and you might as well be sheep.

Also all claims made are verifiable. For instance, there are claims of thousands of mail-in ballots not delivered by the US postal service.  That can be verified through the mail tracking system.

Like I said take a chill pill and relax, and you will be forced to take the truth pill anyways within a month time.
Must've been a bitter pill to swallow in the run up to that concession, huh Mark?
Oh, he's vulnerable... The question is rather or not we get to swallow a giant 'healing' pill.
&gt; we need to help them understand we have different viewpoints and to hopefully help them learn from their mistakes, and that can’t be done by alienating them and attacking them.

I'm not really trying to argue a point with you, more musing aloud: how can we possibly do that? They are inundated with conservative media that tells them everything a Democrat does or says is a poison pill. We say things like, we don't want you to die from preventable diseases or have a medical cost drive you to bankruptcy, and they hear/internalize DEMOCRATS WANT TO TAKE AWAY YOUR FREEDOM and SOCIALISM IS COMING TO DESTROY YOU. When we advocate for policies that are in their best interest, they respond as if they've been alienated and attacked. *How* can we help them learn? What could they possibly accept, no matter how sincere or genuine the attempt might be? They have internalized the idea that anything a Democrat says is actually a lie intended to hide their true purpose, which is to destroy America from the inside. 

I have spent the last 4 years trying to do precisely what you suggest. I am not saying these people should have to suffer, but I am saying that attempting to reach out to them is a waste of time and energy, time and energy we have in desperately short supply if we want to, say, stop an impending climate catastrophe or secure democracy for the future.
Fuck you and your racism, Obama. Trump was voted in because a lot of Americans realized we were headed in the wrong direction, the direction of socialism and communism. It had and has NOTHING to do with race. I'm sick of this BS. We are going down the path to the end of liberty and freedom, and I don't think anything can save us now. Too many have swallowed the "blue pill" and our future is going to mean we'll be a third rate nation in which most of us our poor, and the wealthy will be "good party members." You think I'm full of shit? Keep thinking that way and watch how things proceed. I have nothing to defend my rhetoric except the future, which you'll have to wait for.
Potential advertisers: 

My Pillow guy.

Limp dick pill manufacturers.

Proud Boys Recruiters.

Russian Mail Order Brides.

Alex Jones Pills.

Political Ads for the QAnon politicians.

Hooked on Phonics.

All the other usual suspects that advertise on batshit radio.
Wonder what fox news is going to do... I mean they can't long term continue to support a direct competitor who is directly trying to steal their viewers...

Pretty bitter pill to swallow considering the frankenstein they created is now going after them. Hope it was all worth 5 years of ratings.
Here's the bitter pill you have yet to swallow.  Waving flags doesn't make you a patriot.  Calling yourself a patriot doesn't make you a patriot.  Supporting a clown like DJT doesn't make you a patriot.  Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
It’s all good man. Before Ray Donovan, I literally said the same thing you said. And then that asshole was so fucking amazing on that show, it was a tough pill to swallow. 😂

I’m not sure if he is going back to that show after this tho. Jesus
This is a hard pill to swallow I know, but a lot of people don't like Trump.
It wont be funny and it isnt going to happen even if you keep on imagining in your head for it to be true.  At this point, systematic voter fraud is pretty obvious and Trump will win. Just take the red pill and chill and wait for the due process to play out. And when the truth is revealed, at least know that you have been lied to and used the whole time.
At first I was disgusted, then after watching it again with my friends, I realized it is them most misleading scene ever.  She untucks his shirt, and they came in right as he tucks it back in.  That's a 76 year old man, what else was he supposed to do.  He did not unbuckle his belt, he did not unzip his pants and more importantly he probably cannot get a hard on without a pill. Most of you probably have never lived with old people, since you have the tendency to send them away, but when my grandfather was his age he used to tuck his shirt in a similar way because his back had gone to shit.  Sacha is cool, but sometimes he does have the tendency to prime people and you really have to re-watch some of the scenes.
*I know this is a hard pill to swallow everyone, but even though our apartment building is a blazing inferno with people trapped inside, we still need to remember that the are old and inefficient, and it takes a week to get anything fixed!*
I fail to see how Biden, the man who quoted scripture in his acceptance speech, would be a bitter pill for evangelical Christians to swallow.
Glad we can commiserate together lol. It’s really tough. Some things you just can’t take back, you know? I’m trying to start a family and I’m starting to think that maybe my kid might not actually have a relationship with their grandparents. That’s a tough pill to swallow but the more radical they get, the more it becomes a reality.
I totally agree. Their hypocrisy and gaslighting is just such a hard pill to swallow. 😔
After strongly supporting Mr. "Showcase of Sins" for the past 4+ years, he now calls Biden a "bitter pill to swallow" for Christians??? Excuse me if I don't take ANYTHING this clown says seriously. He'll be hanging off of the fascist's teat while proclaiming them the next messiah as soon as possible, no doubt.
I appreciate This comment. I’ve checked reddit just about every hour read through all the hot posts. I need to take a chill pill. Time to jerk off
I would bet that its in order to extract enough intel to hold hostage so he doesn’t go to jail. A poison pill.
The thing is that Trump doesn't need a reason to act like Trump. He's a simple creature. Putin backed the right pony for sure, and it seems certain that there's a lot of manipulation going on. But just getting this dude into office is a fucking polonium pill. This dude with this personality type. He is a malignant narcissist. He is the human equivalent of a cancer cell; if he's doing something, he's doing something wrong.
So much electoral dysfunction in the White House. Too bad for the GOP, it’s the Blue pill that is going to remedy the issue.
Same.  Not exactly sure what kind of pill it is,  but it’s there if I remember what it was.
Yeah my other pocket is lint and a rogue ibuprofen pill.
&gt;He calls Biden’s victory “a bitter pill to swallow” for “millions of Christians across our nation.”

It's a "bitter pill" for Christians that an apparently sincere Christian has replaced a can't-even-pretend-to-be Christian?
Literally 4 years late on this Vice...  


What about flat earth and the antivaxxers all over there?
What about the Cashapp scams with stolen celebrities' images?

Smh. A little to late to make a difference....

How could thwy not see a channel called "The red Pill" as problem till now?
will save you a click.  I stopped reading at the last sentence.

&amp;#x200B;

Biden’s victory is a “bitter pill to swallow,” Jeffress wrote in [**an online column published by Fox News**](https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/biden-elected-christians-response-robert-jeffress), where he is a frequent commentator. “It’s always easier to submit and to pray for someone when he was our preferred candidate. But the rubber really meets the road when the person who takes office is not the one we supported. Here is our chance to show that Christians are not hypocrites.”

hypocrites who would support a guy who cheated on his third wife with a porn star?
Hep C is also another infuriating sign of our broken healthcare system because it’s actually curable in 95% of cases with newer anti-virals made by Gilead.

Oh, except it is rarely covered by insurance because Gilead decided to price gouge patients and charge something like $80,000 for a course of treatment, $1,000 PER pill. Harvoni doesn’t cost anywhere near  $1000 per pill to manufacture—we know because India makes a generic for about $20 a bottle.
It's always going to be a tough pill to swallow for people who acted responsibly regardless of their circumstances.  My wife borrowed a huge amount of money to attend school and has since paid it all back.  I did as well.  I'll still be happy for the people who are out from underneath these huge loans but I'll always have that nagging thought that I could have paid the bare minimums instead of aggressively paying off debts.  That's six figures worth of luxury or retirement I missed out on by being responsible.
It’s the hypocrisy of the Republican politician. They’ll work to make abortions impossible to get but then fly their teenage daughter to a different state to get one because “she just made a mistake, she has a bright future, she can’t afford to have this one mistake ruin her life.”

They’ll fight for mandatory minimums for drug offenses, and drug testing for welfare programs, but when their son becomes an alcoholic and pill addict and plows into full minivan at 9am with a 0.24 BAC and a pocket full of Xanax, they’ll make sure he never spends a day behind bars because “he has a disease, he’s not a criminal.”

They fundamentally lack any empathy. They live in a “I got mine, fuck you” world, and they think everyone is just like them.
You need this:  
[https://youtu.be/\_f09oN70HSA](https://youtu.be/_f09oN70HSA)

your red pill straight from Q
Good thing there is not a pill he could take to cure his election loss
But...but ...there just has to be fraud.  Why if that was true than the great wannabe dictator and all his cronies have duped 70 million fools....gullible low intelligent fools but fools nonetheless.  SMH....can someone invent a smart pill or something?  I'm really tired of having to wipe peoples noses and asses because they can't critically think.
In my opinion, Buttigieg would have been the Obama style candidate you speak of. Two hardcore trump lovers I know both said separately they liked Pete and were thinking of voting for him if he made it to the ballot. That said, maybe that would be a risky play in hindsight. Maybe his age (38), lack of Washington experience and sexual orientation (as unfortunate as it is to say that this might matter to some in 2020) might be too tough of a pill to swallow for right leaning religious moderates.
According to the Netflix Roger Stone documentary, Stone blamed 3rd party voters for Clinton's second term and encouraged Trump to run as a poison pill to associate 3rd party voters with unqualified celebrity hacks.
You're right about my example being a false equivalence - ultimately, you and I read the NYT because we're looking for the truth even if it doesn't confirm with our preconceived notions. People go to OAN because they're looking for someone to confirm their notions, even if it's not true. (And the moment something doesn't fit their bias, they'll just jump to someone else, like they did when Fox News started countering Trump).

You pinpointed the bigger problem of who we trust. You trust the the election process, and would need very clear evidence to lose faith because you also know a conspiracy of this magnitude would leave behind a giant trail of evidence and is quite literally impossible to pull off. 
But for people who already subscribe to conspiracies, it's not too big of a stretch. That's the thing with conspiracies, once you subscribe to one, you're quite susceptible to others.
And COVID-19 sadly threw a lot of people into believing in one. It was and still is such a reality shaking event that many people needed there to be other explanations (sinister as they might be) to continue holding a grasp in the world. Believing someone manufactured the virus to wreak havoc and take control of the world is a much easier pill to swallow than accepting a small virus can at any point destroy our entire way of living and we're helpless against it.

The funny thing though is that they'll be weary and untrusting of big organizations, but when an individual comes around they'll believe him without question, even when you throw piles and piles of evidence at them. And at the end of the day, they'll also be the ones that will get swindled by scam calls and emails and get sucked into MLMs. 
Sad.
We also have voter ID in Canada. There are over 45 specifically accepted forms of ID (incl. prescription pill bottles, utility bills, library card, cheque stub, etc.), see the full list [here](https://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=vot&amp;dir=ids&amp;document=index&amp;lang=e). If you don't have any ID at all (e.g. homeless people living on the street) a letter of confirmation from a guardian/trustee, or a manager of a residential facility (e.g. shelter, soup kitchen, dormitory, care home) also works. If you can't get that either, a friend can vouch for you. Expired ID is fine.
I bet the CIA will put a little green pill in his beverage if he does. Look what they did JFK and the rest of those whistleblowers. This is getting out of hand. And the Republicans love the heck outta this guy smh a damn traitor!!!
&gt; Look, I'm trying to sympathize with Trump--not cause I like him but because I'm trying to understand what the hell is going on. He's a narcissist who can't compute defeat along with the fact that he may need to go to jail (rich person jail, but still confined nonetheless) after he's kicked out. That's not an easy pill to swallow and if that was me I'd be freaking out too. 

People who work for him also hate telling him things he doesn't want to hear, so before the election they did their best to filter out bad news and convince him everything was great. And they're still doing that now.
PA's GOP made very clear they're voting for Biden. 

Look, I'm trying to sympathize with Trump--not cause I like him but because I'm trying to understand what the hell is going on. He's a narcissist who can't compute defeat along with the fact that he may need to go to jail (rich person jail, but still confined nonetheless) after he's kicked out. That's not an easy pill to swallow and if that was me I'd be freaking out too. 

&amp;#x200B;

What we need to understand is that Trump has this brand that gets people to turnout, and the GOP needs to people to turnout if they're going to win the senate runoffs. If there weren't any runoffs I'm sure that more GOP people will be publicly congratulating Trump and pressuring him to get the transition started.

&amp;#x200B;

If something truly dangerous were to happen, everyone's lives would be at risk -- GOP heads included. They're playing the rat game of milking out the Trump all they can so they can fuck the Biden admin and create more division. Let's just focus our efforts on winning these runoffs, combatting misinfo, and keeping things in check to heal come January.
Her and Giuliani took the same pill.
No.  

Mental illness is usually caused by bad brain chemistry, or in some cases actual issues with the brain structure itself.  

These men are not Mentally Ill.  They are of sound mind (if not body), and have been radicalized, same as ISIS and others with an extremist viewpoint.  

There is no pill that can fix it.  There is no surgery that can resolve their mindset.  

They are willfully and happily willing to kill their fellow countrymen to save it from a threat they have been told by authority figures exists (it does not).
I don’t disagree with your points but a stupid bad joke is expected from these idiots. Reddit has a real coup boner right now but you have to look at what they do, not what they say. They laid off like half their staff today. Trump will whine and these morons will try to stop election results being certified but if this is an attempted coup it’s a pretty shitty attempt. 

Reddit needs to take a chill pill and wait to see what happens. No sense in giving yourself anxiety over a terrible ill timed joke. 

I suggest people read more books on authoritarians and attempted coups. rather than reading by headlines and freaking out.
It was in May when I asked my doctor to bump up my buspirone hcl.  She asked how often am I anxious and the bubble that I usually push done came rushing up.   That's why I get annoyed when my mom tells me to take a chill pill. Like Damn Gina I am on 3 different medicines, I am taking chill pills.
Interesting. I wonder how it would pill today given the republican PR strategy to demonize it.
Not to mention their blue pill
There’s a frustrating lack of nuance on the abortion issue. Can reasonable people agree that there’s a big difference between the morning after pill and a 34 week abortion? When does human life start? At 8 weeks? At the blastocyst stage? At the single cell stage? 

Should masturbation be illegal because gametes are a potential life? 

I think Americans should pick a number because we can’t move forward with other pressing political and economic issues until there’s consensus on this one.
More like the same 3 commercials on any conservative radio station.

*"Its the best sleeping you'll ever get!...
Now is the right time to invest in gold!... Guys, has your dick stopped working? Do we have a pill for you!"*
Nah they’ll have penis pill promos and commemorative coin advertisements too. Don’t sell their diverse base of advertisers short.
Right? Mr. Senate Democrat can go fuck himself; force republicans to own their idiotic hyperbolic frolic with their pill-popping corporate welfare &amp; tax cheat.I seriously hope Chris Coons is not following through with the requests, but I am doubting some centrist Democrats’ commitment to Sparkle Motion—some of them, and perhaps Coons is an exception—have clearly not learned their lesson about republicans and their party.
I heard they make a red pill that actually makes you vote blue!
Well if Lilly Wachowski's point of view will make a better Matrix movie...I'l hear what she has to say.  But something tells me its going to be a bloated, self important woke fest. As a side note, there is only one single story line that will save Matrix 4.  That is that Zion is actually a construct the Matrix and the whole saga is about the first person becoming awake (Neo) and unplugging from the matrix.  At the end Neo gives Morpheus the red pill and unplugs him. Rant over.
They have a pill for that.
They got what they wanted from him, just starting with tax cuts and supreme court justices. They're still getting what they want, chaos and dissent. He's been great for them. Hopefully in the long term he's a poison pill for them, and letting a moron like Jr run the RNC is a great first step.
Good news is they're of the age to start dying out sooner rather than later. Tough pill to swallow but until boomers start dying out we're in the mess for the long haul. There's a lot of Gen-X'ers on the boomer bandwagon too more and more. Sucks, man.
People have to have a level of responsibility. You can't have legislation deciding what media can and can't tell people, because it means you then need an arbiter of truth, and that arbiter of truth can be corrupted. What might appear to solve a problem today enables a true dystopian nightmare tomorrow. 

Its also important to keep in mind, this ideological and educational split in the US has existed since long before the country was founded, and exists in every society globally. Urban, educated populations who live in an environment where they're exposed to other ideas, cultures, races, etc from birth are fundamentally different from rural, less educated, isolated populations. Facebook and Fox News didn't create that. 

The US just happens to have it especially bad because we have one of the lowest population densities in the world, and half of our voting population still lives in those rural environments, and our country was set up from the start to keep those geographies politically relevant. 

The only grass roots fix is for the voter turnout in the urban areas to reach even a minimally reasonable number of people, which it isn't. The only systemic fix is to just shed the rural parts of the country or restructure the Constitution to permanently eliminate the representation boost they're getting and their corresponding political influence. Let Ameristan devolve into the ignorant theocracy they so deeply desire, and stop supporting those states entirely. 

Millenia of evidence shows there's no magic pill for fixing the issue of ignorance and conservatism in rural communities.
I hate to say it but I see in myself some of what Americans are feeling.

I suffer from depression, something I have to learn to live with and manage, which is hard work. I am always looking for the pill or technique that will fix me instantly without any effort.

Biden told the truth, there is no quick fix for this, hence he lost a lot of support from the people that fell for the Trump rhetoric that a "cure" is in sight, and instantly.
That's a good point. I'm a white woman, and I definitely share my part in white supremacy, and I want to do my part in dismantling white supremacy, patriarchy, and capitalism. That's where we're at now. That said, it was definitely hard being called a Nazi, and Nazi adjacent, when I started supporting Joe Biden over Bernie Sanders. I'm a Democrat through and through, and being called a Nazi by my friends and allies just because I wanted to support our new nominee was a shock, and a bitter pill to swallow. The primaries are always tough. I'd love it if we could find a way to move forward, without destroying each other, and our friends and allies, in the process.
To be fair if you stick your head into a far left progressive sub you'll see that there's a good chunk of the progressive left that very much still hates Biden and only begrudgingly voted for him because he was only other option than allowing a totalitarian fascist to stay in power. Though I think a good deal of that is an AstroTurfing attempt to splinter the left before the Senate election (Infighting and splitting hairs over policy execution has always been the Achilles heel of the far left). 

Anyways Comparing the perception of 2016 trump to 2020 trump is only something you can really do in hindsight. To the progressive left at the time he looked like a deranged reality TV star without a snowballs chance in hell of actually winning against the freaking paragon of the corporate democrats and the polls seemed to agree with them. On top of that Hillary's supporters had been pushing a message of "you'll fall in line in November" throughout an extremely caustic primary. To the progressive branch of the party, who was extremely bitter after seeing the first really viable progressive candidate lose a close primary, It was seen as a rejection of their values by the party. "You lose you get nothing now fall in line." This also exacerbated existing feelings of disappointment from the Obama presidency (he wasn't really able to live up to what they thought he was promising, not really his fault though, that's 90% on McConnell and 10% on trying to compromise with McConnell). 

So why the hell would they show up to vote for Clinton? They felt ignored and disenfranchised after the primary and if ever there was a race where abstaining in protest didn't look like it would make a difference, it was 2016. Needless to say they weren't happy with the results. (they're pretty much never happy with the results).

One of the things Biden and his campaign did better was aggressively offer an olive branch pretty much the day he got the nomination and promise Bernie and Warren a seat at the table shaping campaign policy. Even that almost flopped when he dumped M4A and picked Kamala Harris as his VP (She's perceived to be even further to the right than Biden in some of those far left circles due to her history as a prosecutor) I mean out of one of the most progressive democratic primary of all time (where Universal basic income and medicaid for all were actually being discussed seriously for once instead of being dismissed as "wishing for ponies" by the more corporate branch of the party) they went and picked one of the most conservative options (Which totally make sense when your trying to round out your ticket and appeal to woman, the black Caucus, and that mythical beast the undecided moderate). Which stung a bit despite the logic behind it. There was a lot of "at least give us Warren" sentiment going around. But when faced with a lunatic telling his junior brown shirts to "stand back and standby" its a lot easier of a pill to swallow than 2016 was. 

That said I'm personally a firm supporter of constantly pushing the overton window left whenever possible at all levels, even when I'm not thrilled with my options, Gotta actively put the progress back in progressive if we ever want to get anywhere instead if just sitting there feeling smugly self-riotous as the world burns around us.
The cult that is trumpism fed people the poison pill over time as opposed to getting the nation to commit suicide all at once.  All his supporters fell for it and now that it’s over.. they like the sheep and mouthpiece they are fell for the con.  Now, left in denial they spew the words and false narrative of fraud without a drop of evidence.  Narrative he has spewed for years in preparation so that he could do what he is doing today... sew unrest amongst the populace.

Foaming at the mouth over broken words and promises spoken to them by a man and party who swindled over 70M people into believing anyone with any semblance of progressiveness is against the US and common man.  It’s sad and I have waited patiently for the heart and soul of the US to respond and it did.  

As much as I did not want to vote for Biden, I find solace in knowing my future isn’t going to be decided by a lying, deceitful megalomaniac.

I chose to read non bias news and get teased for it... but at least I know I didn’t fall for the con.  

It was a marvelous con, as it swayed 70M people into believing that this one man, the self proclaimed savior of all things USA, would make great again something that was in disarray due to the benevolence and flawed beliefs of his supporters.

It is the “leopards at my face” moment happening in real-time.
&gt; But let’s be honest, care providers (doctors nurses etc.) shouldn’t be expected to work for free.

I'm not expecting them to "work for free". When I say "profit motive" I mean above and beyond the cost of paying the wages of those involved. Doctors would still be compensated, as would nurses, etc.

Pharmaceuticals it's really fucked up. We research a pill in America, it solves a nasty medical situation - But its patent-protected here, and the corporation who makes it wants $400 a pill. Gotta recoup the losses, right?

Well, "right", except that every other nation with an actually functioning healthcare system basically says "Yeah... no. You can charge a reasonable amount, or we'll just walk away... and maybe make our own"

So the company sells the pill for a much more reasonable, closer-to-actual-cost $4 a pill. 

So, we wind up being the ones to pay the extortion fees, because the United States is the only place the US Companies can use threat of force from the US Government to maintain their monopoly on the medicine. 


That shit is evil. Especially when people need it to live. There've been many stories of people who have died because they couldn't afford the insulin they need to live. Meanwhile, other countries, it's not that expensive. 

Do these companies need paid? Of course they do. But you also shouldn't be able to extort money from people who will *literally die without your treatment* just to make a few bucks.

That shit is evil. That's the sort of shit I'm talking about. And it's doubly fucked that *we* get to pay the expensive costs, but other nations get it cheap. They won't try the inverse because other nations will tell them to fuck off.
[As long as he doesn't touch the handful of actually good reforms in this area DeVos made.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/06/us/politics/campus-sexual-misconduct-betsy-devos.html)

A pet issue DeVos actually seemed to genuinely care about was reforming and correctly aligning internal US policies with the laws we have; namely in concerning how college sexual violence cases are handled and classified. In case you forgot: it was *Obama* who created the nightmare rules of "court/not court/courts" that presided over college sexual violence cases. 

DeVos reversed those polices; this was for some reason seen as controversial even though the polices didn't make anyone safer, and made college instead, often unsafe for men to be anywhere near women as an accusation was basically a guaranteed life ender due to the inherent bias the rules created; which in the first place, violates the constitutionally established right to "fair and due process".

If there is one policy decision from DeVos I would like to see stay; its this. Rape victims should be heard; but violating the constitutional rights of others was not the way to do it; and even if its a bitter pill to swallow, the truth is its on the short list of genuinely unconstitutional things Obama did during his presidency that we kind of ignored.
Trump is still in charge and the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration and Undersecretary of Energy for nuclear security, and the Secretary of Defense have both been fired.  

I’d like both sides to seriously take a god damned chill pill and keep vigilant because this shit is far from over.
Hey you weren’t wrong, but the opioid problem certainly exploded because of pill pushing, and now look, they’re making a killing on people’s addictions.  Everyone knows a family affected.  It’s just really evil and terrible stuff.
&gt; I don't think that all 71M support him deploying the military and calling his own election. That will be a tough pill to swallow for a few.

They don't have to swallow that pill. Republican politicians have worked hard to make sure that the only pill that conservatives have to swallow is the baseless claim that *a democrat would be worse*.
Man, it was a damn joke. I didn't think you really needed the numbers explained. Take a chill pill or leave me alone.
This. They won’t oppose the tax cuts. They’ll demand the tax cuts be a separate bill by themselves and any and all spending in the democratic bill is a poison pill. 

Basically basic everyday decent legislation is always a poison pill but when they slip an overpriced and ineffective border wall in with every unrelated bill it’s the democrats being obstructionist for not supporting it
and 76M who don't... I don't think that all 71M support him deploying the military and calling his own election. That will be a tough pill to swallow for a few.
Common Core is not adopted by every state and does not have to be either. Honestly they're not the end-all, be-all to education and aren't a magic pill.
Where would one acquire prescribed mushrooms in OR? Do pharmacies just carry it? Or is it in a pill form?
The Pope is now pro-prophylactics/condoms/the pill, but abortion is still a sin in his/the church's eyes.
Show me? How hard is this math. Do you know how many illegal votes where cast? How come every single technical glitch happened only against trump? Why was trump twitter blocked when he questioned the 100k votes for Biden just like that? Why where pill watchers asked to leave? I want those questions answered
&gt;until something fundamentally changes with the way we elect (or keep, or endure) career politicians, things will not get better at the pace we hope.

did you bother to read my whole OP? you know the one where I say the system is broken and something needs to change..maybe you missed the part where I said why it wouldn't happen.

&gt;that I'm actually trying to get the lesser of the two evils elected to be able to push the agenda in the right direction, 

good for you to acknowledge this, that you are actively trying to still get evil elected. and no matter which of the duopoly options you pick you are still gonna have a corruption problem brought about by the same tiny number of people who run both parties(the ultra wealthy)

&gt;'d argue that is still more productive than someone sitting on the sidelines bitching about a false narrative that both sides are not the same

if by someone you mean me, I vote...I also in my OP provided a way for a bridge to compromise..so, I am not sitting on the side line and bitching..I am simply stating a fact, that both parties are 'evil' and corruption happens on both sides. I know its a hard pill to swallow, particularly when you are polarized..using the "but the republicans do _______(you fill in the blank)" argument is nonsense..borth parties have corrupt individuals in there(well, I should say both parties have corrupt people pulling the strings) and both parties should purge them. unfortunately, instead of that, you just get people saying BUT the ____(you fill in the party)  (sorry for the bold, I am not formatting it that way, it is just doing it auto for some reason?)is doing worse, soooo....I agree there is no point in going forward with this conversation, I already know where you stand..for fun though(well for me) answer this question, I will take the political element out of it ready here it is:

should corruption be removed wherever it is found? 

pretty straight forward question..and it just take a yes or no, shouldn't take long to reply if you wanted..now let me be honest, I have asked this question over and over to people, almost never do I get a yes or no answer and it usually takes multiple times asking someone to answer it. really dont have the patience to drag an answer out of someone today
hopefully those same adults can keep grandpa joe's daily pill organizer in order. or maybe that was the scheme...kamala was always plan a.
Didn’t trump 430am coke-rage tweet that it’s “convenient timing” that the vaccine came out? Which is it you pill popping loser?
&gt; M4A is at 70% approval.

No it's not.  [Vaguely worded questions](https://thehill.com/hilltv/what-americas-thinking/494602-poll-69-percent-of-voters-support-medicare-for-all) that could just as easily apply to the public option are at 70% approval (and [granular polling](https://ibb.co/wwD9RBF) shows it's the public option people want).  M4A is [right above 50%](https://www.kff.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Fig-3-Single-Payer-Chartpack-20201016.png?w=800), and support [absolutely collapses under attack](https://www.kff.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Fig-9-Single-Payer-Chartpack-20200526.png?w=800).  It's why [republicans were so giddy to run against it](https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/1191342554362580993)

&gt;  Literally every single swing seat election Democrat that supported M4A this cycle won reelection and those that didn't most likely lost.

[This is not even remotely close to true.](https://twitter.com/oldladydem/status/1325522214217723910).  Those M4A wins were in safe districts, and the losses were in competitive districts.

&gt; And yet they're trying to blame progressives and leftists for their failure.

Because it's objectively true, and you only need look as far as republican messaging ("socialism" in FL and "defund the police" in most other places) and [swing polling on M4A](https://americashealthcarefuture.org/kaiser-poll-swing-voters-in-key-states-rate-medicare-for-all-a-bad-idea/) to see it hurt them.

It's almost like M4A was designed to fail; I'm not sure what other poison pill i could add to make it less realistic.
Don't forget they are most likely going to keep the senate. I think Trump's loss would have been a much more bitter pill for them if Democrats took the senate outright as well.

(sorry, I'm not optimistic about those GA runoffs, but prove me wrong, Dems)
This is the guy that slipped an abortion pill into his side piece’ s drink without her knowledge.
Jason Miller is a world-class scumbag. Cheats on his wife repeatedly, gets his mistress pregnant, she accuses him of sexual and physical abuse, and supposedly he almost killed an ex-mistress when he got her pregnant and slipped her an abortion pill.
     
    
Taking anything this piece of shit says seriously is a waste of time. He's just another one of these terrrible, broken traitors who slithered out from under a rock to work for Trump. He's done now.
So the dude that cheated on his wife, allegedly tried to slip his mistress an abortion pill, and admitted in court to hiring prostitutes - is the moral center of the GOP right now. 

Color me surprised.
Except the pharmaceutical companies ARE charging people more if the government subsidises it and the whole reason for subsidising is to get people back to work so they can earn money and pay taxes?

(only joking really, I'm more of an MMT guy and don't hold the view the state must tax before spending -- liquidity the fed is pumping into financial markets suggests this at least)

Folk may be focusing too much on idea of make 1 pill -&gt; mark up 1 pill -&gt; profit. This isn't what I'm worried about so much as a world that sighs in relief when **Pfizer** announces it is close to a cure, as if they have anybody's interests at heart. We can see from antibiotic research that companies really really will not go near R&amp;D however urgent the human need unless the incentives are astronomical. 

Meanwhile governments went for a herd immunity strategy (usually reserved for the industrial rearing of cattle) faster than Daleks go for exterminating things.

In a historical context of collapsing rates of profit, climate instability, and waste populations no longer profitable to capital this feels like a bad combo &amp; I don't really expect anything good from it!
I'd rather be a bitter pill than a willful fool
Don't forget that Republicans also put a poison pill into Trump's tax cuts.  The individual tax cuts, not that Blue state folks got them... they expire in early 2021.  The corporate tax cuts stay regardless.  Republicans said they would renew them if re-elected but if McConnell runs the senate you can be sure he will let the individual cuts expire and blame it on Biden.
This was one of the biggest flaw with the ACA from the beginning. A poison pill introduced by republicans. Instead of having one national market where all providers were forced to compete, they were allowed to pick and choose which state markets they wanted to compete thus leaving most state markets with one or two providers and no competition to control prices.
I am making a list of what the proud boys mean when they say things:

Rolling Out:  “I am waking up and moving out of my boyfriend’s bed before his other lover gets here”.

Stand Down:  “My boyfriend can’t get me erect; not his fault, I didn’t take the blue pill today”.

Lock and Load:  “I jizzed in my boyfriend prematurely”.

Hail trump:  “I beat my meat to the orange creep”
This is now boring. 

Isn't there a pill he can take, trump's little helper?
What, is he going to be in charge of the dept of making a pill that makes him straight?

After all he'd take that pill in a heartbeat. Had no problem saying that in front of his husband.
It's a hard pill to swallow, but man I was a prick. A condescending, self-righteous, loud-mouth prick. Over stuff that wasn't even political. 

"Oh, ya going out for a jog? Guess I'll see ya at McDonald's." 

I actually said that. As if Bill Clinton going for a sandwich at McDonald's after a jog meant anything other than he was willing to be around people. Or anything at all to me personally! Fuck me running these last four years have brought up spine tightening cringe memories.
To add to this why do you guys assume that heroin being legal = people on sidewalks with needles sticking out of their arms. Has it occurred to you that we could control the doses and deliver it in a similar fashion to a pill/vaporizer. I would imagine everyone here already knows plenty of functioning “heroin” addicts. Opioids like Percocet/Oxys really do not impair you the way you think they do.
Make the other one blue, like red pill, blue pill
no fox news teamed up with Qanon and the democrats to red pill everyone.
You mean abortion pill smoothie Jason Miller ?
He definitely has a documented history of diet pill/Adderall abuse.
It could be adderall, I guess.  I don't pay that much attention to him, but sometimes I'd get some cocaine tics from taking a pill of adderall.

Didn't _need_ to sniff, just kind of a reflex when feeling that sensation.
Yes, because patriarchal white supremacists the world over are slowly learning that if they make women and minorities the face of their toxic ideology, it makes the pill a little easier to swallow.

For them, a few women in office is a small price to play for dragging every woman in the society back 50 years.  And there's always enough craven, power-hungry fools willing to play ball with that.
Yeah? The problem is that 50% of this great country is going to believe this poison pill and it's going to cause toxic divisions for decades, just because trump soiled his diapers and can't put of his big boy pants and shake a hand. GOP, be the Patriots you claim to be and grow some balls and pull a barry goldwater for the good of the nation, yeah?
Yeah, when you frame it as "Big Tech is using your info for profit, this is your cut of it." I feel like that's not a hard pill to swallow
I’m inclined to agree, that conservative media absolutely crushed the messaging war, and the mainstream media’s perverse desire for *balance* over detailed, factual reporting also helped. 

But you’re fully correct that McConnell’s insistence on *five full years of corporate liability protections* absolutely was the poison pill of the negotiations.
&gt; reform

Reform would be an easier pill for them to swallow than virtue signalling over "defunding".
That article was lovely! What a great read, absolutely yes to everything in that article, a very accurate take. It captured my own feelings perfectly. I genuinely wanted to take a political nap but clearly, that isn’t wise and this **is** the time we practice extreme vigilance against anti-democratic populism. 

Edit: Also, I feel like switching the term from fascism to anti-democracy, might be a great way to persuading folks to swallow that pill. In my experience using the F word makes people uncomfortable.
harsh pill for these moderates to realize that no amount of money is going to be more effective than a well organized grassroots mobilization campaign.
That's a terrible name for a food product; it implies that it's your second choice.  But,  I think it's a good name for the morning after pill.
We can't "abolish" the EC without either a constitutional amendment or a full blown constitutional convention, neither of which will pass.

For those who don't understand the process:

The EC is defined in the constitution. Changing that has 2 paths:

1) Amendment.  

2/3rds of the House and Senate can propose it, OR two-thirds of the states can request one.

Then the amendment must be ratified by three-fourths of state legislatures.

So, step 1, get 290 members of Congress to agree on an amendment

Step 2, get 67 Senators to also agree.

Step 3, get 38 statehouses to vote for it.

So, that plainly won't happen.

2) Convention

Re-write the entire Constitution. On the face of it, will never happen because each side will try to "poison pill" the other. Democrats by limiting gun rights and Republicans by limiting reproductive freedom.

But the process is largely the same... 2/3rds of the states or 2/3rds of Congress call for a convention, it gets written, then 38 states have to approve the new language.

We couldn't get 2/3rds of the Senate to agree Trump committed a crime when he did it live, on camera, more than once.
I recently saw "Plan-B" labeled vegan sausages for sale at my local supermarket. From some American TV show, I know it's a morning after pill in the US, which makes this one quite entertaining on several levels.
Just cuz it's small doesn't mean there's not a pill for it. Look at her body! What father could refuse?!
Nothing like voter fraud in Delaware county, Pennsylvania. All part of the PLANDEMIC to ILLEGALLY replace a good president with a PEDOPHILE that's gonna get impeached after his 1st day when the 25th amendment kicks in and a NON BLACK BUT ACTUALLY HALF HINDU FEMALE AND 80 SOME YR OLD WRINKLED OLD BAT PILL OSI BECOME president and vice president. I personally cant wait for hunting season on all BLM and antifa members and supporters to start
People don't like her because they don't like her delivery of the truth.  First, they don't really want to hear the truth, because once you know how bad things are you've become responsible for them.  Second, she's got a delivery that is very very NYC.  I get why it can be grating.  I'm guilty of it myself.  But to combine a hard truth with a delivery that doesn't suit you is a hard pill to swallow.

Bottom line is that she's right.
It was incredibly difficult to parse out her objection to the bill. In the interview with Wolf Blitzer she never mentioned a liability shield, but I do believe that later on it was mentioned as a poison pill. She really should have lead with that- her messaging on this front was horrendous.
I believe the secret winner in all this is... trump. He didn’t wanna win four years ago so much as make a spectacle. He won in a narrow campaign because he was such an outsider people were like why not?  Hillary was the first worst option and such a criminal we couldn’t swallow the pill. 

I for one didn’t vote for trump but figured it’d the same as four years of from having a president. 

It was basically that...
It was a poison pill in case the Trump and/or GOP didn't win. Payroll taxes fund Medicare and Social Security, so if the deferrals get extended, the finances of those services are imperiled. Fine with the GOP, not fine for Dems. If deferral repayments are allowed to hit Americans, it feels like taxes went up.
Believe me I’m not an expert and I haven’t looked into it deeply. But hopefully, giving some benefit of the doubt, the criminal justice reform that Trump &amp; Van Jones got passed would do some of the common sense things like reducing sentencing minimums and all the other shit that has led to so many black men in jail with overly harsh sentences.

But again I’m not an expert, and if somehow this reform package was a poison pill that actual hurts the black community then yeah, Van Jones would be a bad guy and shouldn’t have supported it. But I suspect that’s not the case.
Once the courts decide Trump is the winner it will be a different tone. This election was stolen and if you don’t see that you’ve taken the blue pill.
Big marijuana doesn’t have as deep of a pocket as big pharma does. Once the marijuana companies can start bribing the lawmakers with more money than the pill pushers, then they’ll legalize it.
Innovation in healthcare would never be lost, not until we have a pill that cures everything and stops ageing and that isn't coming soon. Profit isn't the sole motivating factor for innovation in the world, far from it. Nor did I say anything about removing profit from the marketplace. You think every single vendor that sells medicine, or beds, or disinfectant, or lightbulbs, or MRI machines, that none of them make a profit? That's not how not for profit works. It means the hospital itself has no need to make profit, so doesn't have shareholders, isn't jacking up costs to make the people at the top more profit, isn't overcharging for medical procedures and isn't tryingn to get every penny possible. That doesn't mean the government owns pharma companies, or chemical companies, or bed making companies, or power companies. 

What they can do is fight for and legislate for fair pricing in many of those industries. When insulin can be produced and sold for profit at $10 a vial and it used to cost that and prices got jacked up to $1k and higher that isn't the company innovating and deserving profit that's just abusively shitty to people who have no other choice. Pharma companies make disgusting profit and could make a small fraction of what they do now and be very healthy companies.

In fact what you're saying is effectively the opposite, if a pharma company can find a way to change an insulin recipe in an extremely minor way at almost no cost then repatent it and jack the prices up this is more profitable than investing millions and millions in a cancer research that will cost more and has unknown benefit. reducing exploitation of drugs like insulin will drive them to innovate more to find ways to make more profit.

The idea that not for profit healthcare would kill innovation or that it removes profit from the market place is just, it's genuinely the dumbest take I've ever seen on the subject. Oh without profit who has an interest in fighting diseases. Half the doctors who do research in a specific subject area do so because they are effected by that disease. A parent with parkinsons, chronic pain, cancer, herpes, whatever, most doctors have a story about what made them want to cure that disease and 98% of them dont' say "for the money".
\*pill bugs from A Bug's Life\* Ay! You fired!
Even though half of the comments are about “republicans bad,” I just want to say moderate democrats, independents and republicans who do not like trump helped vote biden in. I as a republican did also. Stop dividing people further than they are now, take a chill pill.
I mean even if an EO like this wasn't politically possible (for whatever reason), he can absolutely direct the new Secretary of Education to perma-freeze loan payments for 4 years. 

Who is gonna be the asshole that comes in in 2024 and restarts loans that no one has paid for four years? It would be a poison pill
Man I hate Republicans so much but Biden just told me give them a chance, hard pill to swallow.
It’s crazy to see these Trump supporters think that Biden’s just gonna ruin everything, like adding another quarantine... while we fucking fail at COVID and need it... or are so convinced that it’s not over yet, that Trump will get it, and that the media doesn’t determine the winner. Like holy shit. Fucking accept the big pill like you said to us.

He doesn’t have the votes. Get over it. It’s over.
yes, and the mood amongst progressives in terms of accepting a biden vote was significantly different this time around because of that. 4 years after trump definitely made the pill easier to swallow, but clinton reaallly didnt have to do all that much to make it at least a little easier for us to vote for her.
It's a pity that the task force could include the greatest doctors in the world, plus Jesus Christ and a miracle pill that would not only cure COVID but would bring those who died back to life, and it still won't be able to do anything for two months because there's no damned way Trump would allow the task force to do its job until he's removed from office.
Take a chill pill.  

One thing that I've learned in the last few days is that conservatives and liberals are mostly the same, normal people who are scared and want to see things get better.

Now both sides have extreme hate for the other where they outright overlook what their own side does.  You bring up KKK leaders when Trump literally now promotes white supremacy groups.

Calm your tits, the sun will rise tomorrow, nothing will really change, the world (except Russia and China) will breathe a sigh of relief and get along with it.
Fox just called it.  Wonder how that pill is swallowing lmfao
Well well well, looks like Fox News isn't ready to swallow the pill just jet...
Take the blue pill to cure electile dysfunction.
Yes it’s a tiny pill twice a day. My doc was so sweet, we talked about all my options and it just seemed to be the best for me. Only big problem for me, and I was warned —— but the first six weeks it tore my stomach up. I was constantly pooping or feeling constipated. But my skin cleared 97% and no new joint pains. It also seems to have helped my existing joint pain as well. 

I know I will have to switch to something more aggressive eventually, but I’m about two years in and very happy with the results
The sentiment resonates with me more then you know. Pardon the digression, please:

When I was in college I was at our regular bar with a group of friends when a guy (who was also a semi regular) upped his normally creepy game (unwanted advances, plying drinks on ladies near close) to straight up predatory--separating a woman from her group of friends, using his body positing to make it difficult to get around him with "serving rude," etc. I got up to do something about it, but two of my friends stopped me and then almost the entire group started gaslighting me about me just imagining things and it not being our problem. To be fair, I'd always had a thing against the guy, because, you know, he was human trash. Fast forward an hour or so, and one of the ladies in our group interjects, "Oh my God! I think he put something in her drink, like for real!" We all turn around in the to see him put a pill bottle in good pocket. At which point, I get up and say, "Now can we kick his ass?" and started heading over there, with most of my buddies, eventually, in tow.

I feel like I've been reliving that night over and over again for the past few months? years? however long. Democrats be all like, "Trump's the problem!" and I'm screaming "The GOP put something in your motherfucking drink before Trump even showed up!"

So can we *please* cash all these motherfuckers who have orchestrated the GOP's ratfuckery outside? 

Listen, I'm reasonable. I'm not saying we have to kill them or get actually violent, but could we just stop being civil and hold them to account as criminals and traitors? Or at least fully dispense with the misguided notion that Republicans have anything but malicious intentions for their fellow citizens? We've gotta stop fooling ourselves that "They couldn't be *that* bad, surely!" They are, they've proven it, and they're smug about it.

They're smug about it, probably because it seems liberals would rather sing kumbaya with the creeps and take another pull from their Long Islands.

Fuck this timeline.
Oooh I'm gonna ask my rheum about that one next visit. I've been on Simponi for years but its starting to lose effectiveness. Is otezla in pill form?
Anyone can look up the numbers for each county or state on their official websites at least afaik. It's just obviously easier to get results from news networks for the whole country. The big thing about news outlets "calling" the election is really more about the winner having credibility when they announce victory based on how things are trending. CNN or MSNBC calling it doesn't actually mean officially anyone has won it just gives a credible 3rd party source for the winning side to point to and say "look the math has been done were going to win." It just wouldn't look good or be as easy of a pill to swallow for your opposition if your campaign was the first and only one declaring your victory. Official counts will continue beyond that point and be certified to legally declare the winner.
Every minute they don't call it and end this farce is another minute that the GOP has to try to poison-pill this election, committing the fraud they are declaring to prove their master correct.
It will be large pill to swallow, since he has been doing that for decades.
My prediction is that they will fail. There are not good at self-organizing and lack any real grassroots experience. It will be like those Red Pill “meetups” where 12 out of 4,000 confirmed show up and they’re all teenagers. Unless it’s organized by their party or special interest groups, they will not actually succeed at anything.
I don’t get the hate for the Lincoln Project. If you listen to what they said about their goals I think it’s clear what they set out to do. They knew they couldn’t shift the majority of Republican voters away from Trump. They were looking to help pick off 3-5% at the margins. They talked about how that could be effective but the numbers would be small. They’ve also gone after Senators that have enabled Trump. 

Yeah they ran a big ad in NYC and they trolled Trump and his kids. Guess what? Ivanka and Jared took the bait and got lawyers involved which made it into a news story which got way more coverage nationally.  Trump is a politician who it pays to troll because the more worked up he gets the more unhinged he becomes. 

They’ve already come out with an ad against Perdue. They also helped promote voter turnout and encouraged mail in and drop off ballots. I also have personally seen their talking points used to convince a moderate Republican to vote Biden. 

So because Dems didn’t win big we’re going to blame the Lincoln Project and call them grifters? The democrats need to get it together and these purity tests are part of the turn off. Rural America has written of the Democratic Party because they see it as a party for condescending liberal East Coast elitist. 

I like AOC but her calling out the Lincoln Project doesn’t help anyone. I mean look at the millions and millions of dollars sent to losing Senate campaigns. Was that a grift too?  Instead of just writing people off maybe we need to start looking at how to build coalitions with people with differing ideologies that we can still work with.  There’s no magic pill that everyone can take and on day all the Trump supporters will realize it’s wrong. We have to figure out a way to reach those voters and get them to move towards more reasonable positions. 

I’d way rather have even moveable and cooperative Republican politicians that can be cooperative than crazy Trump republicans that won’t do anything just to “own the libs”. But we also can’t have people that are so far left they refuse to work with anyone else either.  I think the Lincoln Project also provides some insight into Trump voters that is helpful when considering how to move people. 

It’s going to take everyone working together to fix what is so broken in America right now. So the more that want to join the fight - well let’s welcome them.
Thanks for your excellent reply! 

I see your point regarding Paul, and I understand that one can legitimize Trump's views and actions through some parts of the Bible. The Bible is sadly full of horrible passages that people have used (and are still using) as fuel for dispicable actions. 

I should probably have emphasized in my original post that I don't see the big connection between being a follower of Jesus Christ and voting Republican. 

Let me also add that some of my Christian family/friends are pretty anti-abortion, which I believe aligns with the views of the GOP. I know that it would be a hard pill to swallow for some of my family/friends to vote for a pro-choice candidate. It would however be a lot easier than to vote for a candidate who promotes greed, liberal weapon laws and capital punishment (in addition to the characteristics mentioned in my original post).
Removing the electoral college for one. I live in a historically red state in the middle of the country. It’s a hard pill to swallow that my vote most likely isn’t going to matter. I vote anyways because it’s the right thing to do, but I know at least one person who has openly said “I’ll vote when my vote matters”, and I doubt they’re alone. 

I’m not saying it’s right, because their vote could matter if everyone stopped thinking that way, but it’s reality.
Yes, take this medicine, side effects are convulsions and death, and it costs $100,000 per pill. Good ol USA.
Elon shut down shop in CA to take the red pill in his own words.

Pikachuface.jpg
Remind them they are a smart person, then ask them three questions: 
1.What would you do as a rational, profit-motivated, unregulated healthcare provider to cut costs and compete for market share? Make a list. It'll be fun! 
(Personally, as the friendly neighborhood entrepreneur, I'd hire cheaper staff, overbook my schedule, restrict coverage, sell bare minimum plans to big companies shopping for a deal, advertise, and spend a ton of my extra cash looking for a lucrative pill patent for exclusive sales.)

2. Next, what would you do if you were only concerned about keeping tax payers healthy enough so they could pay more taxes? Keep in mind, part of your nefarious plan is to keep nurses from getting sick so they can keep bus drivers from getting sick so they can take the stock boys to work at the grocery store. 
(I'd give out cheap medicine, free check-ups, offer mental health counseling, hire people to encourage fitness, help addicts clean up and start working, keep kids from eating garbage, and offer financial incentives to companies who paid part of my costs or researched cures.) 

3. Now, just for fun, which of these two versions of you would be most likely to tell complicated lies about how awesome your service was? Or, which of these two systems benefits most from bribing politicians to create laws that support its model?"
(Which one has more motivation to deny coverage to an incurable kid? Or, as a no-good filthy politician, which side would you imagine is the most profitable to take bribes *from*?)

Public health &amp; happiness makes a strong economic argument.
One time I had a dream that I was bloodfarting because I got worms and had to go to the doctor. The did an X-ray to check for the worms but it turned out I had left Digglet inside myself during a session. He had given birth inside me and his babies were making me bleed. they gave me the abortion pill and I passed his dead body at dinner and my mom cried that I always ruined family time. It was the best night of sleep I had had in years.
This is a fucking congressman?!?!?!? God fucking dammit I hate this reality. Wheres the fucking red pill already.
Trump famously abstains from all drugs. So his limp dick is probably due to the decades of diet pill abuse?
Trump took the Limitless pill but he was too dumb to begin with and he thinks he's doing amazing right now.
Just a reminder that Cindy McCain is a pill head who was stealing pills from her charity before she was busted by the DEA and ended up walking with no charges when a normal person would have faced decades behind bars.
Exactly, It didn't take long for reddit to start upvoting bullshit us vs them shit again, as if black people weren't voting for the so called centrist democrats in the primaries.

Progressives aren't much less likely to be racist than moderates, there's a hard pill to swallow for people who think ideologies make them good people but maybe go see what people were saying on Reddit during the Democratic primaries because certain votes weren't going their way.
So... I can sleep without using the melatonin we ran out of? I mean, I’m drinking whiskey rn but I don’t need to use a pill to help me sleep? It’s... it’s all but over, right?
When it’s 10k a pill, they don’t need that many customers too.
I can not believe they advertise “eat this pill and love longer if u have cancer” on CNN. SMH

They are quantifying human life in these ada. “More hugs”
No shame, this can happen as you get older; there's some exercises that will help, or a pill if you'd rather.
True, I've always dreamed of a truly independent 3rd party, I've named it the American Party, whose symbol would be an Eagle, and whose soul existence would be to purposefully maintain a sizable minority in order to serve as a touchstone of compromise. 

The party platform would've been complete non-partisan at all costs, either work together for the people you serve or gtfo with your Christmas tree bills or poison pill provisions... etc. 

However, this has all been blown to hell because the color would've been white (red, white, and blue to go with elephant, eagle and donkey). Now i don't think the white party would ever come across as anything except racist unfortunately
&gt; We've been sold a promise of eventual success.

No, you read what you wanted to hear. 

No on guaranteed anyone success. 

&gt;Just try hard enough.. Everyone can be whatever they want! No limits! Land of opportunity!

Ever consider what you think is "enough" is inaccurate? 

&gt;Sadly, there's only so much prosperity to go around. But, that's not an easy pill to swallow for many of us. So, temporarily embarrassed millionaires it is.

Please. The world's 1% makes 34K a year. 

When you do what you think is enough, and it isn't, and your first reaction isn't "well maybe I didn't do enough", but "someone else must be fucking me over", you'll never grow as a person.

No one seems willing to consider they made the wrong choices, or their expectations weren't properly calculated. People are much more easily seduced by the idea that is necessarily some insidious force that prevented them from getting what they want, and politicians exploit that. 

Politicians will continue to exploit that, because they're just interested in getting and staying in power.
Or, and stay with me here, could it be because this country has perpetuated a concept of rugged individualism and boot-strap optimism under the guise of some lofty opportunity? I think there might be a name for it. U.S. Fantasy? No, that can't be it. Something dream. It'll come to me.

Snarky response aside. We've been sold a promise of eventual success. Just try hard enough.. Everyone can be whatever they want! No limits! Land of opportunity!

Sadly, there's only so much prosperity to go around. But, that's not an easy pill to swallow for many of us. So, temporarily embarrassed millionaires it is.
Oh anyone can send a request at any time to the Court.  That doesn't mean anyone has to respond.  

And this is not going to be a fight they can win it is a ridiculously poison pill.

Honestly, do you know what it really is?  I bet it is lawyers submitting paper work so they can bill for hours.
Basically the GOP is like a bad case of herpes. You try every medication, pill, poultice, potion, everything. And just when you think you've seen the last of that annoying, embarrassing rash on your junk...guess what! It comes back with a force of vengeance right on the the night you thought you might actually get lucky!
He has a serious case of electoral dysfunction and is being forced to swallow the Blue pill.
Maybe if he took some sort of pill first. While safe in his bunker.
Those that have taken the Trump pill just assume this is all fake news. 

That’s the real problem with this country. 

People honestly don’t give a shit about the people or the issues. They just know which side they’re on and listen to what they say.
https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/
https://time.com/5239654/michael-cohen-elliott-broidy-playboy-payout/
https://www.usnews.com/news/blogs/washington-whispers/2013/07/24/desjarlais-pro-life-congressman-who-urged-abortions-for-ex-wife-and-mistress-is-running-again
More than just the Trumps
"Can I freshen your drink?" *plops in a pill*
Elon Musk: "Take The Red Pill"

Melania: "Yes Join us"

\*shuts down shop in CA and moves to TX\*

"Hey guys im neither left or right ahaha"

Joe Rogan: \*pikachuface\*
I think he has been very fair. I may not agree with him on every opinion, but he has expressed some genuine concern here and there. 

And he does have a right to his beliefs. It’s a hard pill to swallow, but the right is entitled to their political beliefs. 

Just as much as we hate their beliefs, they hate ours. We should not be aiming for absolute complete satisfaction of all our beliefs with a complete stuffing out of other’s. But instead we BOTH need to find ways to make difficult compromises that help us all.

I know... I probably live in fairytale land. But it’s all about finding a balance. As long as we are not eliminating other’s rights along the way. 

I know some things feel like how could you not see the right trying to infringe on others rights. Well, they view many of our positions as the EXACT same thing.

If we don’t understand WHY, we will only further divide...
Palin, she’s a pill popper and legit crazy. Tucker is just a rich douche
lol wtf what is he saying - what does red pill shit have to do with the election
Ah fuck Tucker's guest talking about Red Pill shit
AOC movement is dead.... the democrats lost seats in all battle ground zones... all of the 'progressives' got trounced.

AOC and her pals can only win in places like Bronx, or some 'poor/recent immigrant' neighborhoods, but they just can't win in suburbia.

With her rhetoric, she has damaged the democratic party, and might jeopardize senate election in places like Georgia, where sound bites like '90% tax rate' or 'wealth tax' will just scare off a lot of middle ground people (even if those tax rates apply only to the super wealthy).

Rhetoric like that helps her in Bronx/part of queens, but shoots in the foot her prospects for national appeal, and also shoots in the foot the democratic party in gaining the upper hand in senate and being able to pass any meaningful reform.

And of course media loves it... as she generates lots of anger/controversy and the media gets views, and the republican party parades this dummy to scare off any moderates.

And also her and squad semi-socialist views, are part of why so many latinos (cuban and Venezuelan) in FL abandoned/got turned off by the Democratic party.

Thanks a lot AOC, you are like a poison pill to the democratic party!

Ps. I also don't like Pelosi, and she needs to move on and let other folks to take charge of the Democratic party.
More of a sidenote than a critique since I do get what you mean but I would say there are mild forms of schizophrenia (separate but similar are schizotypical personality disorders and such) where people can reason their way into managing it. They can choose to recognize and ignore some of the hallucinations and delusions through reasoning. i.e. I know leprechauns don't exist so when I see one, it's a delusion. But yeah, you can't reason your way out of seeing or hearing the delusions, just to find better ways to deal with them. There have been some schizophrenics who are still 100% convinced they have a government chip in their head but they reason that this is causing them so much stress, they'd be fine taking a pill to make them believe they dont have a chip in their head anymore so they take their meds until they no longer believe it. Can argue that is just them giving up vs reasoning their way through it though... kinda sad if you think of it that way.
She have a speech supporting him at the RNC 2016.  She looked like a pill addict.  She might try to distance herself from politics but she’s more than happy to reap the benefits of her family’s ill-gotten gains
Fucking pig needs to go out with trump.  We dont need to give the commander of the entire military might of the united states "time to adjust to his hurt feewings".  Hes just got to swallow the pill and move the fuck on.  And screw this guy for saying otherwise.
Prepare to see four years’ worth of anger and frustration at constantly having to swallow the pill and take his abuse finally be vented. Watch them start hurling the questions and comments they’ve had in their belts all this time but had to bite their tongue in order to be the bigger person.

Well now they no longer have to be the bigger person, because Trump is now the smallest and insignificant he’s ever been. If it were anyone else I’d criticize it as bullying or kicking a man while he’s down. But this is Trump, and the only one he has to blame for what’s happening is himself.
You don't know his donor reach. He's just legitimately astroturfed himself into a hero for the people.  These people will give money they don't have. 

I've seen some of the red pill side of YouTube propaganda, and I know how organized religion and cults work. If he started a $1,000,000,000 Kickstarter.....  Again, these people will give money they don't have.
From smaller rural counties, which typically always favor R’s. Take a chill pill and relax.
And Mitch still in charge of the senate. That is one heck of a poison pill.

This is the hilarity of the 'rigged election' people: so yeah the same ballot, but the Dems forgot to rig the house and senate.
I think most rational conservatives, and even more center-left voters who "settled for Biden", are worried about the momentum Democrats are bringing with them in to the White House, especially now that they may capture the Senate after the GA runoff.

Some pretty extreme measures have been included in public discourse lately. Adding states to the union, packing the supreme court, just to name a few.

We worry that the left may leverage the extremely strong anti-trump rhetoric to push along measures that the public would normally be resistant to.

Personally, I hope Republicans retain the senate for 2 years, gridlock Biden, and that we all just take a nationwide chill pill while the dust settles after Trump's exit.

I think that's best for the country, regardless of your political affiliation.

I'll bet this sub disagrees.
[Can we use the bugs life pill bugs to do it?](https://youtu.be/xwEuCxOT2O0)
&gt; Give Mike Pence a caffeine pill, an edible, and ask him about his favorite parts of Leviticus and I think we'll see a version of what we should be looking out for.

"I've prepared for this" he says, rolling up his sleeve to show you his Leviticus tattoo banning Homosexuality.
I saw a commercial for veggies and fruit in pill form??? And I was like wtf???? Thats garbage, no way would you get the same nutrients from a powder pill that you would from an actual fruit. And the actually pill bottles just looked like the kind of shit you'd find in a bargain bin
It's hard to still be intelligent when you're the special combination of ignorant and arrogant. The next authoritarian needs to be a good actor. 

Plus, Trump is more self serving I think than a proper ideological zealot. 

Give Mike Pence a caffeine pill, an edible, and ask him about his favorite parts of Leviticus and I think we'll see a version of what we should be looking out for.
I wish we could get a recording of in the bunker when Melania slaps the suicide pill he tries to hand her away.
Was it family guy did the cyanide pill, you, no you gag?
Oh, and I am Romanian. I imagine being American, I would take a pill and sleep my way out of the Trump era.
Pretty sure there's a poison pill in that contract that prevents her from doing it.
At least here in PA that was the case.  Their poison pill in the bill to accomplish this would have banned all ballot drop boxes other than at county buildings.  Wolf and our Democrats refused because of that.  The PAGOP is also the reason there are 3 days worth of ballots that may not get counted, because they did not want to create this extension themselves even after documented USPS issues that impacted the central and eastern parts of the state, which coincide with State College and Philly, heavy blue areas.  Ironic that western PA had minimal USPS slowdowns, I am sure that is only a coincidence that it coincides with the blood red fracking areas of the state.

As normal human(s) the judge (or judges) gave the 3-day extension and proceeded to blame the PAGOP since it was entirely avoidable and should have been done by them when one analyzes all of the inputs to this equation/situation.  These votes are not being included in our totals at this time.  This literally highlights the difference in judges and mentalities that is truly frightening since the hard right federal courts like to make very narrow analyses ignoring most of any equation to then invalidate *entire* laws.  

Buckle up baby, we're in for a wild and shitty future!
Liquor and a sleeping pill
Nah probably on a diet coke and pill binge
At least Biden’s pill will be blue which should be in his favor for that
Biden has the blue pill
I know conservative types like to talk about “red pills” — hard truths you need to accept — so here’s a red pill for you: The history books are wrong. The U.S. lost both the Cold War and WW2.

Allow me to explain: The nazis played the long game. They lost the physical war, but they exported their ideology, they infiltrated American society at every level with their beliefs, and now America has become what it fought to stop: a militaristic nation ruled by anger, fear, hatred, bigotry, and cruelty. The Russians sat back, they set their internet trolls against us, they inundated the left and the right with propaganda and misinformation and waited for us to do the rest. They didn’t have to destroy us. They got us to do it ourselves.

Freedom and democracy lost. America is not the land of the free, home of the brave. Their is no opportunity is this land. Hate won. I’m sorry if you were hoping for some silver lining or for me to end on a hopeful note. There isn’t one. Decency and empathy are apparently outmoded concepts in America. We’re fucked.
Think of it like a sales pitch. 
They dont kid when they say "ask your doctor if ****** pill is right for you." 

The more name recognition, means more profits
Dont you know we have a pill abuse epidemic? Our doctors dont give a fuck bruh, it's all bout that bread
If you frame anything good negatively it polls lower, no shit. If you say that taking a pill that would extend your life by 50 years would mean you'd "pay more taxes in your life" and "would require a massive raise in retirement age" people would say "oh gee I don't want another 50 years of life!!" That's how stupid polls are.
Looting and rioting and anarchy alienated a lot of potential voters and got associated with the democratic party. That and the election stakes were way too high. Dems would have held the country for 40 years if they got a landslide in this one election, and putting up with trump is a much easier pill for a moderate republican to swallow than 40 years of dems without checks or balances.
The EC is the poison pill of our constitution
I am upset too, believe me.  The fact that more than 60 million of my fellow citizens couldn't wait to vote for that racist, vengeful bastard, is just depressing.  Not winning the senate is a bitter pill.  Though it is still possible.  Oh how I wanted the Supreme Court to be packed.  I am just going to focus on the positive.  Trump gone.  Trump prison.
No..too old. Unless someone comes up with some anti aging pill. At some point everyone has to leave
I said “nope, not dealing with this” and took a sleeping pill last night. Still managed to wake up about five times before my morning alarm.
Agreed. But damn. It's still a bitter pill to swallow when the people that ENABLED said fascist bastard still get to keep operating pretty much unopposed. I'm trying not to be too negative with this, but it's pretty difficult.
It’s a hard pill to swallow if it hadn’t already been considered
I don't think anyone loves that idea, but a good portion of the country prefers it to a common sense solution like ranked choice voting.

The issue in America is that we have a ton of baggage that could easily be fixed....but doing so requires opening the slate for a bunch of regressive poison pill changes too. For example, if you want to get change something in the constitution, you have to be ready for that fight plus the abortion fight that Republicans would mount.

That's why so many of our problems are non starters.
Xanax fueled nap time. I put my sticker under my pillow and the chill pill fairy visited!
I’m on the verge of a panic attack and I’ve already had one calm-down pill at 10am!
that is fake.  the stupid shit that you fell for was using 2018s registration numbers.  Take a second and self assess.  You allowed yourself to be fooled by the modern day equivalent of dick enhancement pill emails
Trump has created his own reality. In his reality, the massive problems we face aren't actually massive problems, but merely the result of a bogeyman in the form of the UN, the Democratic party, China... Etc. 

He pitches this. His followers love it, because let's face it, it's much easier to sleep at night knowing that global warming is just a farce, and that you're not going to be flooded out of your home in 10 years nor have to give up comforts you have now to only hopefully prevent it.

What Trump pedals is false, but it's easy to wrap your mind around. It's balm for the incredibly complex problems that we must face as a world today.

The thinking goes: *None of this is real, just believe in Trump. Your hardship is just being put on you artificially by these people who want you to think there's really bad stuff so you keep electing them. No, no, get the nasty Dem out of office, and we can just reopen the economy and like magic you'll find that the prosperity has been there the whole time just waiting to be embraced.*

After so much stress, Trump is like an addiction that's hard to quit. Even if you ask about something like racism, which has no simple solution, rather than confronting it, Trump simply pitches it as a false problem that doesn't actually exist. And that makes people feel good. They can feel that just like the president, they aren't subconsciously racist, it just so happens that Black people commit a lot of crimes. So the Trump-Pill, taken multiple times a day, makes inconvenient realities imagined fear mongering of the enemies of Trump. All the problems in the world will go away with a sip of Trump-Tonic.

That's the reason Trump can be so close to beating Biden. Biden is more anti-Trump than he is an alternative bright future. The Democratic party shot themselves in the foot, thinking that it would be better to back a moderate credible Trump alternative in Biden than a progressive like Bernie. Their thinking was that the backing of moderate Republicans who understand that these problems are real would sway voters who want to believe they are not.

The truth is, we need solutions, not band-aids. It's the one thing that the American people *have* become convinced of. Trump's solution is a poor one -- simply not acknowledging that a problem exists. And Trump has capitalized on this, by taking Biden's small step forward and saying, "he just wants to exploit this fake problem even more". For example, Biden wants to raise taxes, but according to Trump it's not necessary at all and our national debt will somehow magically go away if we just give money *back* to the people. You just have to trust him, it'll work.

Don't think people are bad or stupid for voting for Trump. Most are just tired, stressed, and hooked on the Trump-High.
Yeah.  That is a tough pill to swallow.

However, there is a Senate election in 2022 with  12 Democrats and 22 Republicans up for re-election...

Still, the Senate is a tough hill for Democrats to climb because it heavily favors red states.
If you increase the debt, when you “cut taxes”, then, taxes have not been reduced, we simply have to pay back even more, at interest, in the future.

This is the poison pill in every discussion about cutting taxes. If you cut my taxes, but increase my debt, you simply forced me to take out a loan at interest.  Effectively increasing my taxes.
Also all the coal, franking and oil workers know they will have a job when Trump is president. Their jobs are not secure and at risk of going away if biden wins...

Winning the rural states means ensuring jobs for people working with non-renewable resources because we are taking them (the jobs) away anyways. 

We cannot sustain earth off non-renewables. Its a fact. We as a nation, people, consumer, and industry/corporation must swallow the giant pill that is renewable energy and reduction of greenhouse gases. 

This made sense to me in 2016 and it makes sense now... no surprise here. I continually have conversations with my family about these issues and all they see is money wasted and the loss of jobs.
Hard pill to swallow, but its the truth.
Craziest part for me is how there are new black, Latino and Asian voters who presumably have been seeing how things are going downhill in this country over the past 4 years and still somehow decided it was in their best interest to take the red pill!?
He's only interested in the poison pill legal immunity for corporations - like have million dollar lawyers and forced arbitration isn't enough for them!
To be fair, the amendment was literally written to trick people. It said one good thing, and listed it first, and then the poison pill was listed as a secondary thing. So I blame the GOP for this treachery.
Makes sense why:

&gt; Colorado was having an issue with abortion in the 90s and early 2000s. Instead of banning abortions, they went with providing contraceptives to low-income families with no upfront cost. The program cost $28 million total between 2009 and 2017, so roughly $3.5 million per year. ^[1](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/) The program saw a 54% reduction in teen births ^[2](https://www.denverpost.com/2017/11/30/colorado-teen-pregnancy-abortion-rates-drop-free-low-cost-iud/) and a 64% reduction in teen abortion rate ^[3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_Colorado#Statistics) ^[4](https://www.yesmagazine.org/social-justice/2019/06/05/abortion-teen-pregnancy-decline-colorado/), and the rate continues to drop. Colorado's population is roughly 5.7 million, and if guessing roughly half the population pays taxes, that would make it cost roughly more than a dollar per tax payer per year.
Jeez man. Take a chill pill
Evil is evil, and you have to call out evil or it grows quickly. Face it the people voting for Trump are evil, and it's a bitter pill to swallow but the sooner you do the sooner things can change for the better. 

Think of it this way. I am good cop but the rest of my precinct are bad cops. I don't rock the boat but instead go along with them and the evil things the do. Am I evil? Yes! I implicitly allow them to do evil things because... well I need money. That is still evil.

The world ceases to function when people do these things. We have seen it numerous times throughout our history. Good people become evil when they allow evil to flourish. Right now we are allowing evil to flourish and if we want a society to exist (climate change, and all the horrible things that come with it) we must fight back evil, as hard as that may be.
How is Susan Collins eking out a win here is beyond me. She swallowed the pill that was Kavanaugh and somehow/someway cheats political death. WTF is this shit.
Well not to sound morbid but I think the tough pill to swallow here is that he does seem to represent America.

For all the great fantastic compassionate people living in the US I think this election makes it clear that America still hasn’t turned a corner where someone like Donald Trump doesn’t represent a huge chunk of American people.

I understand how frustrating and anger inducing that is too a lot of the great people in America but if its what people want its what people want all you cam hope for is that the tide turns over time.
Always important to note: the networks are making decisions, not the states themselves. 
There are many states that could go either way, but they're are some (Indiana for the Republicans and California for the Democrats for example) that are consistent in their support, and based on exit polling, prepolling, modeling, and historical data, the probability of a candidate winning those states is extremely high. Therefore they have confidence in calling the states even without actual votes cast. It's important to note that probability and margin of victory are two separate things. A candidate may pill at &gt;99% probability of winning a state and win that state by 22%.

Hope this helps :)
Thank you for using “us” here. As hard of a pill as it is to swallow, we HAVE to close this divide in our country. Obviously the system in place isn’t working. We need election reform. We need ranked choice voting so that everyone feels like they are being properly represented. We have to stop pretending that  we can categorize 300 million people into 2 groups. 

We need our political leaders to start addressing mental health. We need to start taxing the shit out of Silicon Valley for the unlimited hyper-stream of data they are collecting on us. It’s allowing their algorithms to basically do our thinking for us. It’s a dangerous precedent.
I think the idea of white privilege is a very difficult pill to swallow for white people that are struggling economically.  Misinterpreted or not I think that message in its various forms pushed a lot of people away.
Yup, the 2 hours of sleep didnt help. Im feeling like tonight will be a 6pm bedtime with a sleeping pill
This legit hurts to read. It’s a very hard pill to swallow
Perhaps we need to reevaluate why we still think we are the greatest country. That’s the hardest pill to swallow for me, because I don’t see it anymore.
I'm too gay and black to take a red pill
Someone has swallowed the red pill.
Yup this is us.

Kind of a tough pill to swallow, but for many of us, we wake up today realizing that the country we thought we were on track to becoming in 2018 does not exist. This is us, we re-elected Donald Trump. 

And the rest of the world should move on from us, form a stronger union, and build your own protection, because we can’t be relied on.
I know. Your sentiment is just hard to accept right now. I don't know if the nazi party circa 1930 could have been reasoned down by Germany's better half. I don't know if America's chances fair much better. It's just a hard pill to swallow that we have to pander to these undemocratic, unjust ideals.
I'd still be depressed af with that result. That would just be proof that Trump is truly what a *significant* portion of this country wants. That is a hard pill to swallow.
Because by God if I want to browbeat my physician into giving me a pill that makes my urethra fall out because I saw an ad sandwiched between a commercial for gold investments and an episode of Law &amp; Order from 1995, that is my god given freedom as an American
That wasn’t a question but yeah it’s fun watching people frolicking in a meadow and hearing about how the side effects of the pill is that you could be killed
It scares the shit out of a lot of us here.

Last election we thought he had no chance because he was a raving joke who was saying things so awful that surely made a win impossible and we got caught with our pants down.

This election, awful polls and our belief that after four years of making a mockery of our entire system, and especially the raging dumpster fire of this summer convinced *many* of us that people couldn't take it any more. The record voter turnout got our hopes up that it was other Americans, regardless of party lines, tired of the divisive hate and rhetoric, showing up to say they'd had enough.

We're choking on a horrible pill and realizing it's the opposite. Just as many usual non voters have turned out to show their support of this toxic atrocity, and it's ripping open wounds that likely won't see healing anytime soon, regardless of how this actually plays out.
I took a sleeping pill. 

And I’m not even American. Canada is just so close it affects us as well.
It’s a tough pill to swallow for sure.
I took a sleep pill to knock me out
Seen elsewhere....don't kill the messenger:

*"Trump gained with blacks, Latinos, women. McConnell and Graham are keeping their jobs despite massive efforts to unseat them. Whatever the outcome of the race, this has been a huge and damning indictment of the democrats’ utterly failed second campaign in a row. Democrats are losing a fight they ought to be winning rather easily (consider the competition!) by courting divisiveness, playing identity politics, siding with criminals and PC police while attacking the wealth creators and free speech, having literally no clue on taxes, or infrastructure, or covid, or much else really. 2016 has taught the dems nothing as this campaign was not much different. Part of me wishes for another trump term so the dems get to swallow this bitter pill of their own making and hopefully - finally - having the catharsis to cleanse themselves of much bullshit."*
Yep, people forget about the younger generation who've been brainwashed online by red pill and Qanon nonsense.
That I know of? How much time do you have? Heh...

I have social anxiety and I’m a klutz, also I forget what people tell me and how to do things (most of my adult life has been this way). When I get embarrassed about losing my composure at work when I’m criticized and end up crying, I don’t go back to that job site, whether they still have my final paychecks or not. I have a spine thing that happens about 10% of the time when I sit down too fast that feels like someone is pulling my head backward and bowing my spine into a sharp curve with the force of it while my face does this weird uncontrollable grimace contortion. I’m fairly physically weak except for the specific muscles used to carry things.

My thigh bones roll out of place when I shift my weight, and my right shoulder feels like it wants to as soon as anything as heavy as an electric hedge trimmer is raised over shoulder level. I get extreme anxiety on ladders and scaffolding- almost as bad as the anxiety and flashbacks I get when I see someone that even superficially resembles the guy who sexually assaulted me. Cellulitis likes my right calf and flares up once or twice yearly and swells so the majority of my pants don’t fit over it. As a kid, on 9/11, I was traumatized by how unfeeling my classmates seemed, none of them cried at all. I haven’t been to a doctor for non-emergency regular care since I was a kid, before my parents divorced and my mom sold everything so we could live off the grid in a camper buying bulk flea market leavings to resell at other flea markets.

I’ve had suicide ideation since I was about fifteen. Two attempts, both by pill cocktail. I fluctuate between emotional eating and nonlethal self-harm. I also fluctuate between relentless insomnia and oversleeping. I lived in my car for a year until COVID closings made it impossible to get gig work and I’ve been homeless three times including that, so I carry a lot of concerns and sad stories from worse-off people I’ve met and probably never will again. I got knocked up on oral birth control when I was twenty and had my tubes tied as soon as I was eligible on KY Medicaid, when the third child was c-sectioned out.

I endured regular marital rape and my three sons being kids (ran away to live in my car after CPS started buzzing around over how frequently the boys were late to school, it was a near breaking point). Also, I’m pretty sure I ended up being alcoholic while I was trying to go back to college for the third time, because I have a staring problem when I see it and think about it often. Just off the top of my head...
It really should have. Biden was a rough blue pill for alot of us to swallow.
It’s a tough pill for us Bernie supporters to swallow but he would not have won this election. It’s clear the spectre of spooky socialism is overshadowing this election. If Biden does lose and we are subjected to four more years of discourse on whether Bernie would have won I’m gonna pull my hair out...
Wait you are starting to drink now! My international dude im a PA resident and I have been on the sauce since Monday mother fucking  morning hahaha and I just took a sleep help pill cause I need an anxiety break - forces if needed.

(Btw voted by mail - definitely never skipping an election ever again)
Like in the matrix? Any big pharmacy companies working on a red pill yet?
Hey, look at the bright side: at least it’s not 90% of your family. It’s a very tough pill to swallow.
You need a liberal populist, not a social justice warrior.

Donald trump didn't win in 2016 because he was a conservative. He delivered a populist message that resonated with people. 

Joe biden is not an inspiring candidate, and is offering to turn the clock back 4 years and maintaining that status quo. For a lot of people in the Midwest that still means factory closures and pill problems. Donald trump tells them he will bring their good paying jobs back. He won't,  but that's his message
We definitely don't care about Covid, but meth is a bit further north. Pill mills with opioids are our thing down here.
The centrists and anti-trump Republicans would of had a much harder pill to swallow with Bernie imo.


I wanted Bernie too but I dunno after seeing the current results if it would of worked or not.
Nevada, can't y'all have everyone take a sleeping pill and then let them start working tonight? Why are they restarting on the 5th?
Well said, and thanks for the concern. We deserve everything we have coming, and it's a really tough pill to swallow.
I mean, I certainly don't deserve it. My friends and family don't, nor do the millions of POC and LGBT+ people out there who are about to be stomped into a gutter permanently. So many millions of Americans have tried *so hard* to make this a better country, to promote empathy and inclusiveness and facts... and their voices may be overruled once again.

It's just hard to consider the United States as a place where decency prevails anymore. And the real bitter pill is that there are technically more voters who did choose the better path, but we are systematically skewed in favor of an ignorant minority. It's so fucked.
The issue is that culture of the " American dream " that is basically not collective success but individual ones. There are " communities " but not " collective good " which is ... the ideal of socialism which is terrifying for a lot of Americans.
Secondly, the idolisation of America first, America the best etc ... they are deeply attached to concepts that are obsolete and is a " feel good " pill but reality will catch up.
China will rise more and more.
yeah this. I know a few Trump supporters and out of that quite a few are single issue voters just for guns because they have this (delusional) idea that all of their rights stem from the guns they own. Some of them literally view it as more important than their very voting rights. Its a complete poison pill topic.
Higher education is good and should be promoted. But it's not a magic pill that makes narcissistic dumbarses like Trump into very stable geniuses.

You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink.
Yes, they come in different strengths. But his law doesn't take that into consideration, that is my point. If you have 21 5mg oxy you are breaking the law. But have 20 80 mg and no problem. Yes you can eat 20 5mg pills and be fine. If you eat 20 80 mg you die.

Everyone on this planet, even babies can eat 2grams of coke and not die.

Point is this law makes no fucking sense. And more importantly it was written to help pill pushing doctors prescribe oxy.
I had no idea 15mg oxy even existed, never seen anything lower than 40. But anyway, the law says nothing about how much is in a pill. You can have 20 80 mg pills.
An oxycodone pill works for 4-6 hours, and that’s assuming you aren’t rolling with pressed product. Oxies come in different strengths, too. 20 5mg oxycodone pills could be a single dose for a serious addict, and 20 perc 30s (oxycodone 30mg) might last an addict 5 days, if that
&gt;Morality is dead.

It really is. It has been for a while. I'm not an American, I'm English working a night shift so have been following it through the night. I can imagine the confusion that you must be going through.

It's like the values that you were brought up to believe in (honesty/decency/kindness/rule of law/compassion) was just a sham. And the thing that is the bitterest pill in all of this is? The ones that taught you these values are one of Trumps biggest supporters.
I'm glad to live in Oregon too, but... What is the deal with only 2 grams of coke but 20 pills of Oxycodone? Is this big pharm influence? I mean a single pill of oxy will fuck you up for 24 hours or more. This is like a month worth of getting fucked up. 2  grams of coke is a single night. How does this make any sense?
It's a tough pill to swallow but it really shouldn't be a shock. This is the US. The fact that he was ever even considered as a legitimate candidate (nevermind being elected) 4 years ago really should have been the thing to open your eyes.

The US is a failed State at this point. It cannot survive the levels of stupidity and, well, downright evil that it contains. It really is just a matter of time at this point. And, yes, that's true even if Biden ends up winning.
I’m losing relationships with family members over this shit. When NJ was in the middle of being hit so hard early on with Covid, they literally basically told me to stop worrying so much about it because it wasn’t a big deal.

Yeah sure, our state was shut down and deaths and cases were through the roof, but I’ll take a chill pill and take my mask off so nobody is telling me to “live afraid”. Fucking facepalm. Holidays are going to be interesting from here on out that’s for sure.
Life is funny like that. It’s a hard pill to swallow that the majority of Americans are willing to turn their head away from life and death matters in support of an idol. But I’m working on it .... I’ll come around . It’s not easy that’s all I can say
Seriously, people need to take a chill pill.
You've probably heard it numerous times already, but Biden is not a magic pill.  He *is* our only path forward at this point, but he won't magically fix everything.  People won't stop being racist and willfully ignorant.  Many of these same voters will be voting again in another 4 years and a race between **these two candidates**, day and night, good and evil, veteran politician versus reality show man-child, is coming down to neck-and-neck races in some areas.  It should have been a no-brainer to vote for honesty, compassion, and American values, granting leeway for an inevitable minority of brainless sycophants, but what is unfolding in reality is just depressing.

Americans are voting for hatred and drama and spectacle on a national stage when they should be voting for our future.  How can I not be depressed right now?
I'm all for decriminalizing drugs usage, but I'm not educated in this area. It should've never been a felony in the first place and no one should be locked up for it. However, aren't 2 grams of meth &amp; heroin as well as 20 pills limit kind of a lot? I used to take prescription pain medicine as well as been around people who are addicted to pill and 20 pills are definitely a lot. Seems alittle lax.
A guy on the internet claiming he has a hot girlfriend but she doesn’t live near him is actually a hard to believe story.   

Lying on the phone (something everyone does) isn’t a hard pill to swallow.
Yeah this proves the brainwashing is irreversible. 2024 will be almost impossible for Dems since they won't get the Senate (50-50 is their best shot) thus will be incapable of making any real change. Thus Republicans will let their poison pill Tax bill give them ammo for them in 2024 even if they win the presidency.
Popped an extra pill just now as I was starting to have issues myself.
On that Trump is about to win Texas and Florida. Nail in the coffin. Do the math. It’s over. 

And it’s funny. Everybody thinks all these downvotes actually mean something. It’s like they think it counts as a vote for Biden or something. Denial is a hard pill to swallow.
Well im saying stuff that ive observed and used in irl debates. Family is constantly debating politics, religion, sports, and so many more things either within or with outside people. And obv things dont always turn out how we want, hard pill to swallow but defending Trump is difficult.
Are all your white "friends" racist?

&amp;#x200B;

Take a fucking chill pill
This is a hard to swallow pill for Democrats
Nah, it’s not about your red pill victimhood.  It’s about  rednecks who aren’t college educated making uneducated decisions.
It’s the hardest pill to swallow.  It should not have been like this after 4 years. The majority of Americans are flat out proclaiming that they approve of these 4 years, and all of the racism and sexism and anti-science.  They don’t want progress. They want to oppress. And it really seems like there are more of them than us now.
Okay, real talk- like 40% of y'all need to take a YUGE chill pill real quick.
Some of you better hydrate, pop a pill or something. This is pretty fucking far from being anywhere near over.
Guys, take a fucking chill pill.  Not even half the votes have been counted in the rust belt yet.
If I read one more comment about "omg the polls lied", STFU about the polls. POLLS ARE ALWAYS SKEWERED AF, NEVER TRUST POLLS. It boggles my brain that some of you are JUST realizing this today. Is it your first election???

Secondly, ITS NOWHERE CLOSE TO OVER. There are **so many counties** not reporting yet, not to mention probably millions of mail-in ballots.

Can you guys guess what party probably mailed in ballots the most? And why Trump wants to call it early before mail-in ballots are completely counted?

Jesus christ you guys need a chill pill. 

Oh and NOBODY CARES ABOUT WHAT CASINO BOOKMAKERS ARE PREDICTING.
A lot of people expected it to be a landslide, but one must factor in that it's not just Trump people are voting for, but also for (R) and against (D). GOP ran a very effective campaign targeting latinos in Florida, painting Biden as a 'socialist'. The seems to have paid off. Many life long (R)s are switching to (D) for the first time, but the overwhelming majority are as anti-(D) as ever. And would rather swallow the bitter pill and vote for Trump to get the (R) vote in.
I'll help. It's really sad. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/oct/02/opioids-west-virginia-pill-mills-pharmacies
Red and Blue Mirages on both sides for states right now. Take a chill pill.
Agreed.  Nothing that has happened tonight has been out of the blue.  Take a chill pill.
Miami-Dade county is only 23% reported. You all need to take a god damn chill pill about Florida
It’s the same as any statistic. You pill 1000 people and if 70% of them are gay then you can say 70% of the population are gay.
You don't see Joe Biden flags and signs and swamped parades because Joe Biden isn't an insecure wanna-be dictator who needs constant visual proof of his strength.  We don't need to worship the president because we are in dire need of a daddy to make our decisions for us and to hate the right people for us.  The left is secure with themselves and their morality. Because they know Biden is strong enough to deliver a coherent, sensible message of decency. The left doesn't have the uncertainty and need for convincing that the right does.

Let's just say that if you need to lick the snout of a selfish, racist, misogynist, gay-hating xenophobic narcissist like Trump, you're going to need some balloons and parades to swallow that pill.
Boys and girls. I would seriously take a chill pill and come back in three hours when real information comes in.
Especially if you try to deal with insomnia by taking a sleeping pill that leaves you feeling groggy, or by having a few drinks
I could see it. That's  some bad luck brian shit. Guy was probably over worked and stressed out. Took  a sleeping  pill and a glass of wine to calm his nerves. Next thing you  know his entire life gets  publicly buttfucked.
Nancy is a pill poppin drunken moron. Can’t wait for her to hit the dirt.
Exactly. People really need to take a chill pill
Yes very happy there aren't reports of armed pill watchers and the like. Has calmed me down a bit.
24/7 Eyes-on List as the mad scurry hits stride.  
    
No disappearing to South America, no heavy water/rocket scientist parsing with USSR (Ron-consin, you can just defect now), no burns in a pit outside The Bunker, no cyanide pill in a cell just before conviction.
  
"I was just following orders," is not going to fly.  
  
Stephen Miller gets a mop and a bucket and cleans out the cages all by his lonesome, and he has to do it wearing a filthy toupe.
That isn't votes that's registered voters for a party just because you are registered doesn't mean you vote for the party take a chill pill and wait for them to count the ballots
Take a chill pill. I’m not saying it’s a bad thing. I was watching him talk to voters on CNN.
Oh man is there a new boner pill coming out?
&gt; If the rural states really want to, they can now create the "rural american farmers party" or something and boom, now they have more accurate representation than they ever would have before

What bothers me is how many people consider this a bad idea and that democracy is somehow supposed to be some poison pill of big tent parties you have to choose where the sign that its working well is everyone is terminally unhappy with their leaders.

I think FPTP is a form of political trauma. Like people who were raised with the belt.
It's not concerning at all - they're all super confident alpha red pill boys who never doubt Daddy Trump's strength, especially not in his biggest subreddit.
The other big difference this time round is that there are some vocal progressive/SocDem/DemSoc voices in congress, and it’s growing rapidly.  It’s a lot easier to swallow a bad pill at the top when there’s a closer fit elsewhere on the ballot for other seats, and ones that are getting more numerous.
We may not know anything for sure tonight. Pace yourself and be kind to yourself. I say that as I’m about to pop an anti-anxiety pill.
You say that as if the pro-Trump, right-wing, and red-pill subs aren't co-opted by people who want to help them make themselves look as terrible as humanly possible.
A) That’s beside the point. He’s still a liar.

B) I am all in favor of universal affordable healthcare. IMO we have plenty of tax revenue coming in from income taxes to fund it. What’s not the solution is the ACA which forces us to give additional money to a corrupt medical insurance industry without any real reform of that industry. It’s as if a mob is shaking down a community for money and only a few people pay up big bucks to keep the mob afloat. Those people go bankrupt as a result. The governments “solution” is to enact a law which forces everyone in the community to each give a smaller cut to the mob so they can keep their extortion racket going under the umbrella of the law. Thats on top of the taxes we already pay BTW. Meanwhile, OTC Advil is still $150 per pill from the mob. That’s not a solution. That’s enabling the problem to continue and grow.

C) I’d love to hear your solution to that.
I’ve learned that people like him will always be resistant to hearing the truth. They will even try to make you believe that YOU are the crazy/wrong one. Hard pill to swallow when it’s family.
I'm not sure if I'm wound up due to waiting for polls... or if it's because of the potent anti-allergy pill and nasal spray I took.

Good thing I voted by mail before October.
Em k pal. Take a chill pill.
Is that the abortion pill smoothie guy?
Oh shit, they slipped him the crazy pill. No one is safe
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_WyO6vVgL-M](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WyO6vVgL-M)    
Street-teaming for one of my favorite small creators.   This video really helped me reclaim the "Pill" term because in the 90's, estrogen was a little red pill.  


This video was made shortly before the Lilly confirmed much of what this vid talks about.      


Trans rights.
The field of film theory is mixed on this issue. on the one hand, auteur theory is similar to your position, saying that the director is the author of the film and is in the best position to state the intended meaning behind the film. other branches of film theory analyst the film objectively based on what is on the screen, and evaluate its cultural context, regardless of director, screenwriter or actor statements of intended meaning.

I think the argument for auteur theory is somewhat undermined by the director waiting 20 years to reveal the intended message (which may be a retcon of the intended message at the time the film was created). Under objective review theory, I don't think there's a cohesive argument that the film series as a whole is a metaphor for the trans experience, although you can cherrypick certain parts (eg the blue pill / red pill) to tell a trans narrative.

I believe a much better argument is that the movie series is about the systems of control that dictate the rhythms of our lives, and the difficulties in identifying and breaking out of those systems of control.

My two cents. Everybody is allowed to have an opinion.
Some democrats hate people that vote third party because the republican haven't been able to win an election since nixon without third party help. Meanwhile some vote exclusively on matters of race. I myself am a scientist, and I have a bit of a murmur, and talking to a climate change denier, necessitates me having to take a pill or go to the hospital. Because goddamit.  There is a degree of polarization today that is due in large part to one party having to lie to support their political narrative about existential problems.  A lot of us saw this coming from the gingrich days.
I just want to switch the EC To be proportional to state voting, and not winner take all.  Is that too much to ask?  You'll still have the issues with Cali vs. Vermont in terms of individual voter power, but we don't have to overhaul the whole thing tomorrow.  Leaving the EC as it stands with 538 votes, but changing the way state delegate said votes is a much easier pill to swallow.  BABY STEPS.
Calling it here first, when he loses, Biden will agree to pardon him in return for an election concession. The democrats will spin it as " starting the healing process and bringing the country together after such horrific division. ". Theyre not wrong, but it will still be a bitter pill to swallow. Trump hasn't been setting the stage for a drawn out election fight in the courts, hes been drawing up leverage to get his greasy ass off the hook for the colossal mistake of acting as president when he is so clearly incompetent.
Between [cheating on his wife and knocking up a fellow Trump surrogate](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/08/from-trump-aide-to-single-mom/536892/), to [slipping a different mistress an abortion pill], to now taking sleazy under-the-table payments from questionable sources, Jason Miller is a one-man argument against the GOP being the "party of moral values."

It's almost as though those who scream loudest about moral values only do so in order to divert attention from their own immorality.
Like 20 years ago, Rush was yelling about a female college student who was an advocate for women's health. She had said something about women benefiting from access to birth control. Rush ranted about the fact that she wanted to be able to take the pill *every day*. "*How much sex is she having?!!* he incredulously and loudly asked his audience.

I still think about that sometimes.
The "red pill" was a reference to the red estriadol pills during the time of the wachowski sisters.
Interesting. All my progressive friends have voted Biden. We were salty about Hillary and couldn’t swallow the pill but this time around we can. FOR OBVIOUS REASONS.
I think you're pretty much doomed to lose control of an incredibly basic visualization of "finally seeing the truth" that explodes in popularity. It's also ironic because you can't really separate The Matrix from Descartes's Meditations, which immediately begs the question:

are you *sure* you just took a pill that will allow you to see the truth?
0230am. I sit and watch veep as I await my sleeping pill to kick in so I can wake up and vote for Biden and my neighbor can take his stupid fuck your feelings trump flag down
Well, actually, as a trans person I can guarantee you that actually, realizing your trans is exactly like this. You have the choice of a) waking up, stop living your old life, coming out and having to deal with a shit ton of transphobia all for a chance to live a happy life (the red pill), and b) denying it all, staying safe, but having to live with the knowledge that everything you thought you knew about that part of your identity is a lie (the blue pill). 

Come to think of it, that’s exactly what it’s like.

Also, the directors for it were trans themselves.
The Wachowski sisters were trans themselves. They were both closeted, and they couldn’t be open about it because society was quite transphobic at that time (it’s gotten better now, but not completely). Also, as a trans person myself, I can guarantee you that realizing your true gender identity really *is* like that (though in my case, I took about half of the red pill, immediately spit it out and took the blue upon realizing I would have to come out. I then started looking up conversion therapists near me, though that’s a whole other story). 

But hey, even if it is just for woke politics - which I highly, *highly* doubt - who the hell cares? It’s rare that I ever see people like me being represented in the media without some sort of massive backlash. Honestly, I’ll just enjoy this while I can.
No problems!


[Roland Burris](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roland_Burris), the man to get the Senate seat in question, is an interesting wrap-up to the story, as well as the only black Senator at the time.


Like Orangeblossom, Blago seems to see the office as a *personal* privilege.


&gt; In 2004, Blagojevich had ordered the [Illinois Tollway](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illinois_Tollway) to erect 32 signs at a cost of $480,000, announcing "[Open Road Tolling](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_road_tolling). Rod R. Blagojevich, Governor." In 2006, the signs were criticized for serving as campaign signs and costing significantly more than the common $200 signs. (Wikipedia)


Using a State project as a campaign tool by claiming personal responsibility for it as well as using State funds to advertise his name is congruent to Trump's infamous COVID-19 stimulus checks delayed due to Trump's insistence his signature appear on physical checks. 


I'd love to know what these two fuckers actually thought: did Orangeblossom *really* think that it was his stimulus check? Did Blago really think it was *his* open tollway project? I've an interest in how people think, and I kind of think that these two *really* did/do believe this.


On the generally plus side, corrupt and egotistical (possibly a bit narcissistic) as Blago is/was, he:
 
- Increased education funding

- Attempted to get universal healthcare for Illinois (fell short by a vote. This was its own weirdness)

- Increased taxes for businesses who didn't provide healthcare for their employees.

- Used an executive order to force pharmacists to carry the morning after pill even if they objected on religious/moral grounds

- Vetoed a few pro gun bills

- Signed LGBTQ protection laws


He also tried some things that might not have been good or well thought out, but may or may not show some interesting intentions

- Had a debacle over flu vaccines he imported when there was a shortage in the USA. The FDA wouldn't let them be used, as I don't think they were approved, so he donated them to Pakistan for earthquake survivors when a buyer for $2.6M of foreign flu vaccines couldn't be found. Pakistan disposed of the vaccines as they had expired by the time the were received.

- Tried to ban violent video game sales to minors, failed, cost the taxpayers $520,000.

- Vetoed bills allowing trucks to drive 65mph instead of 55mph on highways outside of cities


Blago was a vain and flash bastard, had a weakness for expensive ties, and liked to be outrageous and flamboyant and larger-than-life.


Why am I writing all of this? Because people and situations are complicated, and because  memories and news tend to over simplify.  Even though Blago was corrupt, he still tried to do good things. I was curious if it was because *Blago* had some bit of progressive in him, or if it was the company and society he kept. I'm still not sure which.


I'm not trying to rehabilitate Blago's image or person, or incriminate him further. I just wrote down what I found about the guy on a cursory bit of research inspired by the topic.


Thing is, even as corrupt as Blago was/is, even with all the similarities to Orangeblossom's attitudes towards government and narcissistic tendencies, Trump doesn't have any other side to his story.


Blago at least tried, for whatever reason, to do things that helped people he didn't know personally. I don't think Trump understands that people he doesn't know personally really exist.
But the original Red Pill was an estrogen supplement for gender transitions. It meant not just accepting an uncomfortable truth, but OPENLY accepting it, and accepting the change it would bring to both you and the people around you, but trusting that the truth was better than living a lie.

Redpillers have ironically taken the blue pill on the Red Pill.
Fun aside, bring up the fact to Red Pill fanatics that The Matrix was always a trans metaphor according to its creators and you will see people lose their fucking minds
I really wish they would reclaim the idea of the “red pill”.  It used to mean turning someone on to the truth.  Now it means tricking someone with propaganda.
It was a poison pill. The entire point of that bill was to try to get Republicans to go on record voting against "election security"

Imagine if the Republicans passed a bill for an increase in funding for solar energy. Oh, but did I mention that it could only be spent on federal land - ideally covering up large swaths of our national parks. Oh and ukraine is involved with energy... Some money should be spent investigating Ukraine and Hunter Biden...

It is all bullshit. There is nothing to hide in Ukraine, but a rational Democrat would never vote for that bill. A clean bill would have been passed immediately.

This is politics at its worst. And it is working.
How delicious is the irony that this is the person who co-created "the Red Pill"
Kinda funny how the red and blue pill were given opposite colors despite having meanings entirely different from what the colors represent.

Red: Unpleasant truth, settling for Biden, Accepting that the U.S. is in a bad state.

Blue: Blissful ignorance/controlled narrative, voting Trump, America #1, not voting Biden out of "principle".

Ironic, huh?
There’s a pill for that.

And it’s BLUE.
Lawrence O’ Donnell said on MSNBC, a sleeping pill for tonight: Charlie Cook who has been an analyst since the 60s said it’s not a matter if Biden wins tomorrow, it’s a matter of by how much.
Lawrence On MSNBC with a sleeping pill: Charlie Cook saying not a question if Biden wins tomorrow, a question of by how much!
&gt; I didn't poop the bed. Fake News. 

Funny you should say that. I remember reading that Trump is addicted to pills (I think the allegation was that it was some kind of diet pill) and that he wears an adult diaper because he can't control his bowels anymore. I have absolutely no idea if there is any truth to it, but it wouldn't surprise me (the man *is* in his mid-70s — needing an adult diaper isn't *that* far-fetched, even if the pills habit is made up).
Human thumb, Jason Abortion Pill
Again, you completely ignored the poison pill republicans purposefully put there to make sure it doesn’t pass.
With a hint of pill-popping delusion.
Abortion pill smoothie guy again.
It’s such a tough pill to swallow. The vast majority of what I’m reading reminds me of 2016, where Trump is on the ropes and Democrats have an insurmountable lead. I’m not sure I could dislike his ass much more, but the thought of him winning and parading that bull shit around for the next few months gives me the confidence that I could dislike him so much more.
Pelosi constantly says that the poison pill that would allow business owners to not have any responsibility if their workers get sick at work is a no go. Honestly this is the first time I’ve heard someone blame Pelosi because the gop propaganda surrounding this was so bad. Especially since McConnel sat on the bill for so long without and discussion and he sending congress to vacation when they could have passed a smaller bill first.
Take a chill pill, you’ve got many more elections to get through. If we survived Trump and successfully vote him out we can survive a lot.
 im not sure how tough rich smart bunker boy is an insult unless you are blind and deaf about the VIOLENT RIOTS that were happening right outside the white house. what was he supposed to do in your eyes? go out there and approach the rioters?

anyways vote for an 80 yr old dementia patient who has been in government for 50 years and called blacks/mexicans all sorts of racist names. and also a vice president who's whole career was about incarcerating blacks for smoking weed, and laughed about it. hard pill to swallow but you got the throat for swallowing big things.
Don't waste your time. Reality is a hard pill to swallow for some.
Oh boohoo, your "tough rich smart so-called president" is hiding in a bunker, hard pill to swallow, I know. Sorry dude, vote for a real man next time.
You think that Biden/Harris will turn the US into these countries? Man, you swallowed the red and blue pill together and then washed it down with Absinth, didn't you?
There's a saying that "you create your own reality" 

If you believe that there is a civil war on the brink you will always find reasons to reaffirm that notion.

What I say is....

Turn off cable news, get off R/politics and start calling your friends and family for a catch up when you get the spare time.

If you can't take the shit you see online with a pinch of salt you'll be forever a click monkey for these algorithms.

Take the red pill.
Good.  I wish more Republicans would protest vote like that.  Any non Trump vote, is basically a Biden vote is the way I see it.  If that’s the way to get the pill swallowed, fine with me.
&gt; She was shoved down mine. I voted for her, but it was an extremely hard pill to swallow. I was wavering all the way to the ballot box.



This is something that gives me hope.  I felt the same way in 2016.  I still showed up on election day and voted for her, but only barely just.  This year though?  I voted on day 1 of early voting.  I've been waiting for years to vote against this MFer.  It felt good finally doing SOMETHING measurable against him.
It's a metaphor about a topic of "realpoliticks", if you're interested. There's the idea of how politics *should work* (the dog should just open it's mouth and take the pill) and how politics work *in reality* (peanut butter+pill). 

You gotta get elected to do anything, and sometimes that means you have to embrace parts that you aren't so happy with to get the larger picture in motion.
Because you have to stuff the pill in the peanut butter for the average person. They just don't engage with news long enough to fully understand the consequences of climate change and the news will always frame it as some middle between the democrats and republicans.
I was more thinking: ["Take the red pill, you stay in wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes.".](https://youtu.be/RhlXqYiTz2Q)

Added link and fixed quote.
Someone needs to make a competing boner pill that is red.
Put yourself in their shoes.

&amp;#x200B;

Not only is society asking you to admit you're a shitty person, but that you have been too stupid to realize it your entire life.

&amp;#x200B;

It's a big pill to swallow for people whose ego drives near constant projection and near universal denial of reality to protect itself.
She was shoved down mine. I voted for her, but it was an extremely hard pill to swallow. I was wavering all the way to the ballot box.
60mg/day Jesus. 


I’m prescribed 30mg/day (half in the morning half in the afternoon) and If I take the second 15mg half pill I won’t sleep that night. I’ve been on them for about 2 1/2 years. I am not a superhuman or anything but I am extremely productive on them. I mean it’s like night and day for me. I would say that I could easily wake up at 5am and stay productive till 12-1am and then spend the next 4 hours on my phone. Sleep for two hours and continue. But it has a massive affect on my body or mind. After 10-12 days of that I literally have to take a day off of the adderall and I will sleep for like 14-16 hours and binge eat.
Someone forgot their little blue pill this morning.
Hard pill to swallow, she was always like that
We will not get them next time.  We will *never* get them.  That’s the entire point.  The corporatists Dems assure us they will do ANYTHING to get rid of Trump.  Anything but move even slightly to the left that is.  

So many people laugh at Republican rubes for voting against their own interests, and then line right up to feed another ballot into the blue colored war machine instead of demanding healthcare, a living wage, and an environment fit to live in.  

I voted for some local Dems who support the policies I do, but I won’t vote against my own interests.  That means no Trump OR Biden.  I know it’s a butter pill to swallow, but the DNC is not our friend anymore than the Republicans.
That and the pill mills.
I wonder if people in these states also want a more Swedish approach to societal issues? If so they should take a look at the pension reforms that took place in Sweden. 

Left leaning people would need to except a bitter pill after they learn from one of their prized countries they like to compare us against.
Dear progressives,

We’ll get ‘em next time, but do think about how your vote or abstention will affect the needle of progress in this country. This is a binary choice whether we like it or not, so please just swallow the bitter little pill instead of doing nothing to stop the four year shit fiesta that will happen otherwise.

Sincerely,

Fellow democratic socialist
The ProtiFa drunk pill heads
Leads than average would still be less. I can't wait until they make a pill for dumb and wouldn't be shy to take it myself.
That should be the rule for all prescribers. The latest and greatest drugs are usually only a few percentage points better than the tried and true. My doctor should start me on the $.06/pill, and move me up as necessary. Our health care dollars aren't infinite, if we spend the necessary on drugs we have more for prevention.

Bye the way, and none of my business, but if you're FN there's a good chance you are one of the lactose intolerant majority (worldwide). In Canada we have chosen to get Vitamin D to people by fortifying milk. Vitamin D is cheaper than water, and testing is expensive,so not commonly done. Get some.
I have never had a yearbook page. I have never seen the yearbook website. I was afraid that social media would ruin the way people communicate with each other when MySpace was the thing of the day. I was right, but I just thought it would make people too awkward to speak in public. Instead, it turned people into the worst versions of themselves masquerading as the best versions of themselves. Glad I never took the pill. Good luck to those of you who continue to use that site... for whatever reason.
Be careful you might literally get what you ask for in January when you refuse to leave.  

Other likely scenarios is Trump chews a cyanide pill on election night rather than conceding, or he just immediately leaves to amar a lago leaving pence in charge until january.  

Exciting times. What will it be!
Yeah... that sounds like it's out of some sort of hard sell playbook or even a red pill guide of some sort.
Hard pill to swallow: Hillary was a better candidate than Biden.
they sold their soul to the devil.  Worship the golden fleece.  Hung out in Rome, instead of with the people.  Bore false witness.

Rolling Stone had a good, but dry read on the Evangelical logic.  It is thus.  Why improve earth, when heaven awaits.  Prepare for the rapture.  That is it.  they think using Game Theory to prepare/summon the rapture is a good move.  

Talk of the Rapture (source wiki, ((I know)), Rapture was not a discussion in religious circles till the 1800's.  Furthermore, the brand of Evangelical that the cabinet member like Pompeo is an off shoot of the main theory of the rapture.  They think got is going to smite while ppl are on earth and these chosen people will miss the shit show.

Christianity is  a death cult.  It removes objectivity and is essentially the Red Pill.
I was about to get caustic, but on second thought: thank you. It doesn’t seem like a choice for me, but to those for whom it was, and who chose to protect *everyone* in this country, I want to say a big thank you for swallowing this bitter pill.
I think you need to take a chill pill, drink a glass of water, and *shove it up your butt*.
 If you take the red pill, does that make you a Neo Nazi?
Dave Wasserman’s Twitter most effective sleeping pill possible. Easing my anxiety like hell
Yes and Trump's tax payer paid health care covers it... unfortunately the last time he took the pill..he had to be rushed to walter reed..
take a sleeping pill, go sleep and wait to a brighter day or a darker day.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.hollywoodreporter.com/amp/thr-esq/gizmodo-beats-jason-miller-defamation-lawsuit-abortion-pill-story-1235101
Really? Awesome. I'm getting so stressed I don't know if I can look at another pill fr now until Tuesday. Godspeed and keep safe!
Trump advisor equates slipping stripper he impregnated an abortion pill, family planning.
If I lived in a swing state I would have done the same begrudgingly. But man would it have been a tough pill to swallow.
This characterization of how the ACA got passed glosses over several important details like how the democrats passed one version without a public option by breaking a filibuster with 60 votes then losing a seat with the death of Ted Kennedy.  The reconciliation bill was the only way to get the house and senate to vote on the same bill without having to break a filibuster all over again but I digress.

The point still stands that party infighting resulted in stalled progress which resulted in low progressive enthusiasm and the 2010 election results speak to that clearly.  

The 111th Congress produced a laundry list of bills that should have appealed to progressives and they didn't turn out at the midterms.  Fair Pay Act to address wage discrimination by gender, the CFPB to protect consumers from unscrupulous financial practices, and Obamacare to name a few.  This was while simultaneously dealing with one of the worst economic downturns in our nation's history due to the collapse of the financial markets.  They had a filibuster proof majority from April 2009 till February 2010, by which point Scott Brown won in Massachusetts and Mitch McConnell started to block everything.

I'm not trying to defend Obama or the congress that he was working with at the time.  They had a filibuster-proof majority for part of it and a strong majority for the rest of it but the spirit of bipartisanship was one directional the entire time.  They should have realized the other side wanted to vote on poison pill amendments but never on passage.  The GOP leadership's goal was for the congress and the president to fail and they did everything within their power to ensure that.  The outcome of the midterms is a reflection of their success.
Sadly, yes. It’s complicated. Suffice it to say, he voted for Biden although it was a bitter pill for him to swallow.
Ain’t that the guy who snuck an abortion pill in his pregnant mistress’ drink?
He's not even pushing into Safeway select territory. More like an expired generic abortion pill snuck into a rancid milkshake.
This is the Abortion Pill Mickey guy. 

He can fuck right the hell off to Siberia and never come back . This is who Trump hires with our tax dollars to peddle lies to us.
Coming from someone who, when he found out he impregnated a stripper, proceeded to put an abortion pill into her smoothie.
Who is Jason Miller.

 Why let's google him, oh my the party of family values and law and order strikes again.

&amp;#x200B;

Miller lives near [Washington, D.C.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington,_D.C.) with his wife and their two daughters.[\[45\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Miller_(communications_strategist)#cite_note-45) He also fathered a child with [A. J. Delgado](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A._J._Delgado) during a brief [extra-marital affair](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extra-marital_affair), born six months after his second child.[\[46\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Miller_(communications_strategist)#cite_note-46)

In 2018 Miller was accused of drugging his mistress with an [abortifacient](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortifacient) drug, by blending a pill into a fruit smoothie. The ensuing controversy caused him to leave his position as a political commentator on CNN.[\[47\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Miller_(communications_strategist)#cite_note-47)

In 2019 Miller admitted in court that he had a history of visiting [prostitutes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitute) and patronizing "Asian-themed" massage parlors.[\[48\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Miller_(communications_strategist)#cite_note-48)
With an [abortion smoothie](https://www.mediaite.com/tv/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-has-lost-defamation-lawsuit-over-abortion-pill-story/) dessert.  
Also, a love child.  
Also, lots of prostitution.  
Trump Campaign spokesman. I guess all that's his resume for the right campaign.
From the “personal life” section of his Wikipedia page 

&gt; Miller lives near Washington, D.C. with his wife and their two daughters. He also fathered a child with A. J. Delgado during a brief extra-marital affair, born six months after his second child.

&gt; In 2018 Miller was accused of drugging his mistress with an abortifacient drug, by blending a pill into a fruit smoothie. The ensuing controversy caused him to leave his position as a political commentator on CNN.

&gt; In 2019 Miller admitted in court that he had a history of visiting prostitutes and patronizing "Asian-themed" massage parlors.
He also declares “getting your mistress pregnant and secretly feeding her an abortion pill in a milkshake” as right wing family values!
Take another pill.
Nah, his lips are just stained from the strawberry-abortion pill smoothie he just made and tasted.
An orange with a pasted on beard that spikes his side pieces drink with the morning after pill so his wife doesn’t find out the side piece was pregnant says what?
About the writer of this article: “Keith Koffler is an author...most recently of a biography of Steve Bannon.” Hot garbage pill of an opinion piece.
He should say something like "the Democrats are trying to abort the election process by slipping an anti-replublican abortion pill into the mistress of democracy"
Jason Miller doesn't pay his child support for a kid born out of an affair and has admitted to sex with prostitutes while married and tried to give another mistress an abortion pill in a smoothie. Anyone that takes him seriously is hilariously stupid, including Stephanopolous.
I trust Jason ["Love Child"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHybA8n2b8A) Miller about as far as I can throw him.

[Seriously, what a scumbag.](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/08/from-trump-aide-to-single-mom/536892/)

And by scumbag, I mean [an absolute Grade A Scumbag](https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/).
&gt; In 2018 Miller was accused of drugging his mistress with an abortifacient drug, by blending a pill into a fruit smoothie. The ensuing controversy caused him to leave his position as a political commentator on CNN.[47]

from wikipedia
This is the same guy that equated being pro-life with slipping his mistress an abortion pill, so it isn't a huge surprise.
Says the guy who slipped his mistress and abortion pill in her smoothie
It wasn’t a morning after pill. I hate to be that Reddit-know-it-all guy, but this deserves to be accurate.  He gave her an abortion pill against her knowledge and will, causing the fetus she was carrying (he was the presumed father) to  abort and her to have to be hospitalized.  She was pregnant, therefore the morning-after pill wouldn’t have done anything.
Jason Miller, the frothing at the mouth dipshit who is trying to spread the lie that the law says we must declare a winner at midnight on election night before all the votes are counted, is the same piece of shit who slipped his mistress an abortion pill without her knowing and it killed the baby she was carrying and almost killed her as well. The GOP isn't sending its best.
Everybody has the right to due process and everyone in the administration should be investigated for wrongdoing.   It’s going to be a bitter pill to swallow for many because admitting that they were wrong is a tough pill to swallow.
Because Republicans have bad ideas and they should feel bad.

Rich white supremacists have convinced poor white supremacists that they are all in the same club.  They aren't.  But they don't care, because liberty and justice for all is meaningless as long as white supremacists are hurting the "right people."

If Americans had a true Democracy the party of white supremacy would have lost in the "marketplace of ideas" nearly 60 years ago. But as it is, America is skewed in favor of white supremacy and we ALL have to take a poison pill every 4 to 8 years when turnout of good people doesn't exceed the white supremacist vote by 7%-10% nationally.
Good old Jason Miller. Like this despicable moron knows the first thing about public health or anything else. Only the best people, folks...
    
   
In October 2016, while working for the Trump campaign, he started an affair with A.J. Delgado - senior adviser and aide to Trump. By November 2016 she realized she was pregnant and she realized that Miller had lied to her  - he wasn't separated from his wife like he had told her, and in fact, his wife was also pregnant with his child.
      
    
A.J. Delgado ended up suing the Trump campaign for pregnancy discrimination, saying that during her pregnancy, Miller told her that she couldn't be seen "waddling around the White House pregnant" and that Sean Spicer (when he still had his job) had told her the White House is "no place for a new mom".
    
     
In the suit she says she did reach a confidential settlement with the Trump campaign in May 2017, but the campaign then went back on the settlement, forcing her to sue.
    
  
Note also, during the suit, she accused him of both physical and sexual abuse.
       
    
Eventually his and A.J. Delgado's child was born and predictably a big custody battle started.  During this fight, Delgado's legal team filed a document alleging that back in 2012, Miller had an affair with a woman he met at a strip club - Rachel's Gentleman's Club in Orlando.  According to the filing, the woman got pregnant. Miller then allegedly crushed up an abortion pill and put it into a smoothie.  He gave the woman the smoothie, of course without telling her what was in it.  The woman claims the pill caused her to lose the baby and nearly cost her her life.
On my route in to work (I ride a bike and am able to observe things closer than car drivers) I count about a 10- 1 margin Biden over Trump signs. One house sticks out though, with Latinos for Trump signs, and all manner of flags, ect touting him. It's a tough pill to swallow for this leftist white man- goes to show you can't take things or people for granted.

Let's hope for a good result Tuesday, and a gradual return to sanity.
Ah yes, the abortion pill smoothie guy
I love the way they frame these people when they have them on.  Jason Miller the “Trump campaign advisor”.

Jason Miller is married and pays for sex from prostitutes.  He holds meetings with donors in strip clubs.  He gave a smoothie to an ex-mistress that he impregnated that had an abortion pill ground up in it.  He owes another mistress $50,000 in child support and refuses to pay it.

One of the stories that will be told about this time years from now is how a lot of what’s happened is because our press let us down by not framing these people and what they do correctly.  They don’t seek objectivity and fact, they seek access and balance and ratings.

They are why Trump won in 2016.
I know the Trumps will sell their soul to the largest bidder but aren’t Kushner and Ivanka life long New Yorkers? 

And New York doesn’t want anything to do with them.....

Which I’m sure isn’t an easy pill to shallow. Imagine the place you’ve called home for your entire life...the city that captures much of your identity and brand hates you...

So I’m curious where does that leave them? Based on this billboard “New Yorkers will suffer” Ok - so are they Floridians now? Surely not DC... 

How do Trump supporters view them... we are talking about two former Democrats from NYC! They will surely return to NY once their short lived political careers are over. 

Are they now two country bumpkins that associate with the country folk? At least the Bush family had the Texas ranch thing going for them...
In my 5 elections voting, democracy has always "been at stake" and the DNC has asked us to swallow the bitter pill and vote for their war criminal technocrat because at least they're not "the other guy". And guess what, they get to because no other party has a foothold. So maybe 3rd party voting has more leverage than you think.
In my 5 elections voting, democracy has always "been at stake" and the DNC has asked us to swallow the bitter pill and vote for their war criminal technocrat because at least they're not "the other guy". And guess what, they get to because no other party has a foothold. So maybe 3rd party voting has more leverage than you think.
I think/hope that is his point.

Unless there is evidence Trumps lawyers broke the law, which obviously we already had one of his lawyers (Cohen) found guilty of crimes so there may be more, then nothing should happen to them.

Its a hard pill to swallow sometimes but legal defense even for those who everyone knows are guilty is an important part to the system.
But doesn’t the ABC poll also have Biden up by 7 still? No one’s relying on Florida so this still feels like good news. Also that the pill has a slight conservative lean. 

IA is just a crazy outlier I think. Even less of a stable poll because they didn’t weigh for education.
And Obama didn’t get a chance to enact his full policy agenda as it relates to the ACA thanks to, guess who, the republicans. They fought so hard to put a poison pill in the ACA.  Don’t blame obama for the aca not working out as planned. I don’t know if this is a comprehensive overview but it should give you an idea. Republicans have actively tried to sabotage it from the start. I would look into this some more because you don’t seem to understand what happened. 

https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/01/house-republicans-obamacare-repeal-votes-102911
Take a chill pill, my friend. 

I'm european, no weapons, no school shootings.
Yeah, it's frightening.  I'm a rape survivor- I was fortunate to get emergency contraception, but I also am a white, middle class woman with access to decent medical care. 

Quite a few conservatives believe that the morning after pill is a form of abortion (it's not).  I just am horrified to think that women like me (or more likely, poor women and minorities) could be denied anything that could prevent pregnancy after rape.  And then not being able to terminate after a sexual assault?  Forced pregnancy is considered a *war crime*.

These people literally see women as less than human, not subject to the same human rights as men.  And this is not a fringe belief- it's mainstream in conservatism.
From someone who used to be an extremely devout Christian who is now an atheist: oftentimes I miss that feeling. The universe without a good supreme being kinda sucks. 

If I could take a pill to make myself believe again - while I like to think I would have integrity and refuse to let myself be deluded by the obvious bullshit - to be totally honest it would be a tough decision. 

I think a lot of these people are in a place where losing that comfort would severely damage their ability to deal with life. I have a relative who in the past decade has lost two children, one grandchild, and all but one of his siblings. I can't really blame him for grasping at whatever illusion of certainty comes his way, even if it's in the form of an obvious demagogue. The rest of his life is crumbling.
No one in my lifetime has worked harder at sewing division in our country than this pill-popping propagandist. I guess I’m not supposed to say I’m happy he’s dying but there will be a little less hate in the world when he’s gone, so there’s that
I believe that every poll that gets put out on cnn with Biden favored to win, we lose another democratic vote. They need to fuck off with these polls, they can so easily be trolled too. Am I taking crazy pills or should I actually trust the pill even after what happened in 2016?
Right. It’s baked right into the “red pill” concept lol
Take a chill pill. You guys hate Republicans and their motivations so much more than democrats it's hilarious.
I spent years working for a hospital utilization review department where our role was to make sure that the hospital would be reimbursed by insurers. I now have switched teams and work for an insurer. There are two ways hospitals are reimbursed, either by DRG or diagnosis related group or by fee for services where everything provided to a patient is a line item paid at a rate negotiated in a contract between the hospital and the insurance payer. Medicare reimburses physical health by DRG and it’s one size (price fits all) no matter if your hospital stay is 2 days or 2 months based upon the primary diagnosis you are admitted and treated for throughout your stay. More medically-complex and more skilled the provider needed to manage the condition the higher the rate for that diagnosis. Of course a person with any diagnosis who required a ventilator would get a higher rate. Patients on ventilators require frequent monitoring and are cared for in the ICU only because of this (unless they require this for an extended period of time or permanently. At this point the settings no longer have to be frequently monitored and adjusted and they have a tracheotomy). In a fee for service reimbursement there generally symptom standards that must be met in order for most non-routine line items to be approved before that treatment or service will be reimbursed based on Interqual, a third party guide that states which guidelines (documented notes, lab values, test reports) be met in order for not only a treatment but hospital-level care treatment to be medically necessary, a requirement for all reimbursement. So the hospital utilization sends  records from the patient’s chart to the insurer who reviews it and says we will pay for x number of days of just the hospital room and board (around a 1k a day from Medicaid and 1.5k per day with commercial insurers) before the patient should be discharged or send me more records to show why they need to be there. There are individual charges for every pill, x-ray, respiratory treatment etc. Physician services are reimbursed for an initial assessment  or for a specific treatment that the physician performs like anesthesia services or surgical services (both of which are big reimbursements).  Most doctors that write the diagnosis codes are paid at a salaried or contact rate to work more than 50 to 60 hours (for general practitioners) per week pre-COVID so they aren’t going to directly benefit from a COVID diagnosis. DRG reimbursement, generally patients with Medicare were only about 20% overall. The profit for a hospital is to get patients in and out of a hospital bed as quickly as possible in order to fill that bed with a new DRG or commercial reimbursement. It really is the quantity of discrete hospital stays versus the “quality” of a higher paying diagnosis that is most desirable from an administrative standpoint. One factor is the number of tubes or anything going into a person’s body for a number of days putting them at increasing risk for a hospital acquired infection which is expensive to treat and typically not reimbursed by insurers.
I'll add to this, while there is still a frustratingly high amount of climate denial, our political system's resistence is deeper than the general public's. Support for renewable energy has been quite high for decades, but it doesn't translate over politically. One of the most tragic consequences with our minority rule politics. 
As far as 
Regarding geoengineering, right or wrong there were/are several reasons for resistance. 
1. Sort of inferred above concern that geoengineering would be used as another excuse to not cut carbon as needed. 
2. Many geoengineering schemes are unproven/untested in-regards to effectiveness.
3.  Many geoengineering schemes are unproven/untested in-regards to potential negative side effects.

I think we are at the point that all options need to be on the table, but we should be leery of our tendency to look for a magic pill solution.

Regarding carbon capture, the appears to be significant promise in restorative agriculture.
'16 CLINTON VOTER (voting Trump): "After spending way too much time alone and online as a result of losing my job and everything being shut down but having no hobbies or motivation to better myself, I discovered the truth through Q and took the red pill."
Which is, i think, the reason Biden is the candidate as opposed to Sanders, Warren, etc. 

Its not that the Democrat voters want an old white male as President, but that the Republicans on the fence will vote for him because its safer to secure their votes. Biden is the easier to swallow pill after these last 4 years of disease.
"Sir...at what time did you take the pill and how many did you take?"


"uh.... I didn't take any...."
Maybe its time to consider going nc. Sorry, hard pill to shallow. I have done it with extended family and sadly, if my parents were trump supporters at this point, i would have to. Its a question of good versus evil. 

I am really sorry your in this situation brother
Take a sleeping pill and go to sleep, Bunker baby!
I love that show but yeah sometimes it's really cringy. There was an episode where the guest was a pill packer for a diet pills (aka speed) manufacturer but she was overweight. The rude panelist with glasses (was he a columnist?) made comments about her weight and it was so uncomfortable. Jerry Lewis also was rude but he was funny about it I guess. 

Found the episode:

[episode](https://youtu.be/1fXhTX6321U)
Yeah but if it's cheaper to cut with Fen. then I would see no reason why not to do it. So you have a few ODs, to a dealer that means it's good shit and you can sell it at a higher price in the area. 

Only reason I know that is I used to work with helping the spread of Opioids a few years ago in my State. Though prescription based ODs are more common(often family members taking a pill not realizing what it is or exactly how much they are taking.)
It’s tough seeing the actions of the DNC from the perspective of a Bernie supporter.  I don’t think they feared or hated Bernie, I just feel they didn’t think he could win against trump.  It’s a hard pill to swallow, but that’s politics.  Keep in mind, Bernie isn’t a Dem, he’s his own thing.  The Democrats have a party for this’ll  exact reason, to elect themselves and their like
It's a hard pill to swallow.. I know... but once you do it gets easier.
Guy from Mississippi, with CTE and a pill addiction supports Trump. 

News at 11!
Propaganda has been used for millennia, because it works. It creates a cognitive dissonance that short circuits brain pathways. It is rooting for your team when all evidence tells you to cut bait.

I think for many, how the fuck are you going to admit you've been conned for the last 40 years? That is a hard pill to swallow, and it is easier to double down. The Sunk Cost Fallacy has doomed many a person, and many an empire.
Look at this Instagram.
We’ve gone and best COVID, Fam. 
Libs didn’t think we would. 
Here’s a Tweet from James Woods. 

I’m blasted out on Coke. 
Tbh, I feel kinda woke. 
Took the RED pill today. 
What will my daddy say?

I wonder if it’s too late. 
Gonna log on to  chatterbate. 
MAGA till it’s really late. 
 
My father won’t love me back. 
That’s why I’m a loud ass right wing hack. 
Oh, woah whoa whoa, God I suck.
I’m thinking of selling t-shirts with a giant viagra on it, stamped “Nov. 3” and a caption “The Little Blue Pill”.
As a D.C. resident, that _might_ make our subjugation to the wills, whims, and laws imposed on us by every other American and their representatives a slightly less bitter pill, but your congresspeople and senators would never give up their D.C. Fiefdom willingly... we pay more federal income tax than literally 22 other states, and more per capita than all 50.
You should take the time to read the actual studies, rather than just taking the article's author's summary at face value. The summaries do not accurately reflect the conclusions of the studies. Which is totally surprising, really -- one would think the publisher of the COVID-19(84) Red Pill Newsletter would be an objective commentator, right?
Oh I didn't even really realize how it's not something pretty much anyone could take. Like a Tamiflu or Nasal Spray. Antibodies through a pill wouldn't go to the bloodstream right? Either that or something to stop replication another way. Science and modern technology is a great combo and I'm sure they will find something to do that. We got blindsided by COVID and treatments kinda started from scratch. Possibly using framework of another antiviral. It just doesn't happen overnight and takes time to find.

Then the trials come and it takes even longer. BTW do you know of any newly developed drugs that haven't gone through trials yet?
That wasn’t a win. That was sacrificing millions of Americans for the sake of having a majority on a branch of the government that is supposed to be neutral politically. It was a poison pill that has cost the republicans both houses of Congress and the presidency.
Yeah I was, sorry I realized that was pretty out of context. My point was that the Republican senate was the only thing from stopping that nomination. I’d like to believe that if the situation were reversed the Dems wouldn’t have nominated someone but that’s a hard pill to swallow. You have a few years on me so you might have the better big picture but I see so much bullshit on both sides...
He got fat and stupid. It's unfortunately common but there's no pill for it yet.
"Nobody cares about Hamill's opinion." 

Says exact same guys who spent the last 5 years obsessing over how much Mark Hamill secretly hates "evil feminist disney star wars" on red pill YouTube.
Given the choice between birth control and abortion as birth control, there isn't a sane woman who would choose the latter. It's more expensive and more of a hassle.

And is any woman who chooses the "convenience" of abortion over a condom or pill the kind of woman you'd want raising a child?
The author of the article is a piece of work:


&gt; John C. A. Manley has spent over a decade ghostwriting for medical doctors, as well as naturopaths, chiropractors and Ayurvedic physicians. He publishes the COVID-19(84) Red Pill Posts – an email-based newsletter dedicated to preventing the governments of the world from using an exaggerated pandemic as an excuse to violate our freedom, health, privacy, livelihood and humanity.

Perhaps next we'll be linked to some articles from NaturalNews.
I just keep thinking of [William F. Buckley](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_F._Buckley_Jr.) sailing his boat into international waters to smoke a joint while encouraging the policies that rounded up thousands of Americans and imprisoned them for possession, [only to wait until 2004 to call for legalization](https://web.archive.org/web/20040701102635/http://www.nationalreview.com/buckley/buckley200406291207.asp).

&gt; William Buckley Jr. (himself a pill-popper who admitted to smoking pot on his yacht in international waters) was the ideological driving force behind those policies. He believed that with the new research on addiction being an illness meant that drug users were carriers and would introduce drugs to others. By incarcerating them, the idea was that drug use would be contained within a generation. By 1988 he admitted that he was wrong and that the policy was a failure and harmful.
Because the red pill assholes aren’t about creating a level playing field, it’s entirely about callouts of women’s bad behavior. Never admit you were wrong, never do the decent thing, always Gaslight Obstruct Project. Like the DENNIS system but as a form of fascism destroying the US and other democracies around the world.
Compulsory voting would be the ideal, but that isn't a popular idea. The next best thing is to make voting as easy as possible, and heavily encourage people to do so. The demographic and ideological makeup of the USA is such that the far right has very, very few places they *actually* could win, if voter turnout was extremely high.

The only reason the GOP has a stranglehold is because we, collectively as a generation, *have given it to them*. That is not an easy pill to swallow, and voter suppression is real, but that doesn't change the fact that if every Millenial had been voting actively since they turned 18, this would be a dramatically different country.
Your attacking the wrong people, and that's to hard for the majority  to persist for any length  of time.

Not paying loans/rent however is easy and most people can go for a long time doing so, you will hit a bump when it starts to effect 401k and pensions.

However  that's an easier pill to swallow and recoverable rather than not working and being absolutely broke right now.

You want a movement  with a majority on board, one that can survive  attacks from the media.

A general  strike won't last  as long, it will end up like occupy.
So why does it need to go to 13 wouldn’t it be an easier pill for the public if it were 11? I get that would still leave 6-5 conservative judges but it is made a point in the article about how this could lead to an issue of adding judges every time 1 party has the senate and white house.
But the public option only works if it offers significantly better coverage at a lower cost to a majority of consumers. The proposed plan is just for people to be able to purchase the option on the marketplace, most businesses won't give employees the cash value of their insurance plan if they opt out of the company plan. So a majority of Americans will just continue with their company provided plans, unless the public option works that much better.

If the public option fails to get enough young, healthy people to sign up, costs (mostly in terms of tax expenses) will quickly spiral as high users become the predominant purchasers. Then it gets called a failure and we're back where we started.

Unlike a single payer setup, the success of the public option will be entirely dependent on just what language is in the final bill, and it will be fairly easy for a poison pill to be slipped in that will make it fail in 5-10 years.

I get that all legislation is dependent on the language but with a single payer system you're committed to the concept and kind of have to make it work once you go down that path.
This comes down to sports team politics...I don't care if we cheat I just want to win. 

When confronted they just use memes because the realization that they are horrible people is a tough pill to swallow.

Ex - the people who defend the Astros cheating sound like conservatives on Reddit.  They even use the same taglines.
And radio IS covered by the FCC where cable "news" is not. We have to do something. My dad was a reasonable man. Recovering alcoholic that found 12 step Jesus and has helped dozens of people through detox and has sponsored dozens more. He's a talented professional that relies on math and physics for the basics of his profession and had a sharp mind. 

Now he literally thinks Democrats are growing babies to harvest their body parts. That dems allow, and this is something he said to me, "post birth abortions" to get stem cells. Post birth. Like people are waiting for a kid to come out so they can strangle and dismember it, then sell whatever they can for profit. My Step mom believes Trump is an avenging angel sent from God to punish wicked, commie democrats. Imagine ACB but all rundown from years of whoring, cocaine abuse and pill-popping, there's my step mom. Praying to Jesus that the "colored BLM Marxist terrorists" (direct quote) dont invade her suburban Texas home and rape her to death. Her FB page is a loving homage to the worst of Breitbart. They aren't rational which is why they all respond so well to the fear mongering of conservative media, especially talk radio. 

Its nuts how far down the rabbit hole they went since  2008. Right about the time the Tea Party showed up they started consuming only right wing media. Texas am Conservative radio all day, Hannity and FOX at night. Now they call themselves Constitutional Conservatives and think Dems have literal baby farms on site at every planned parenthood nationwide and that Trump is Gods Anointed. Its fucking gross and more than a little sad.
It's also why they sunset a lot of tax help for low and middle class people to 2025. If they remain in power, the Democrats look bad for trying to increase taxes near an election year. If they win in 2021, they will be responsible for increasing taxes during an election year. It's just a big fuck you of a poison pill.
Dooming everyday until trump is gone. After thay I will doomer pill on animal agriculture, renewable energy, and the fact 60+ million people in the US saw the past 4 years and will still support him.
It's not that hard to understand what happened really, it's just that it's a multitude of factors coming in to play at once. 

1. Hilary was the wrong choice. Hilary was the personification of establishment politics, a woman who had been in the system in some form or anther for decades, and one whom right wing media had spent all that time painting as the ultimate villain, an evil Democrat who was worse than Satan. Even if the Republican's were putting out a normal opponent (say someone like Ted Cruz), Republicans would've come out to vote in droves because they hated her. 

2. The process of her nomination to candidate was a mess. It left a very sour taste in the mouth of progressives who wanted a real change and instead got another status quo Neo-Lib Democrat. The people who passionately supported Sanders were annoyed that once again the Democrats went for someone who would do nothing. Neo-Liberalism has failed many people in America, that has been very evident since 2008, and people were pleading for someone to try something different, and they saw it in Sanders, not Clinton.

3. The emails. Yes, it was an absolute non-issue, but the Republican media made sure it stuck to her something chronic. This was not helped by the timing of the announcement of further investigation into her emails just a week before the election, putting it back into everyone's minds. 

4. Russia. Even if you believe that the Trump campaign had no involvement with Russia, and that Russia did not do anything to directly interfere with votes in America, there is no denying that Russia was churning out a lot of propaganda with the goal of getting Trump elected and spreading it on Facebook, as well as assisting sites like Breitbart and other right wing outlets to generate negative news against Clinton. 

5. Trump's farcical approach got him a ton of free press. The media loved Trump running. He was ratings gold, generated tons of clicks, and increased sales. There was a bunch of serious politicians respectfully talking about boring things like taxation, policy proposals, and slow system reform; very dry and unengaging stuff that matters but doesn't generally do well with audiences, and then there's Trump, constantly saying or doing the dumbest of things, making gaff after gaff. Viewers tuned in just to see what stupid thing this moron said next. At the time (before his stupidity was a blight on the land) viewers loved it, it made politics interesting just to see the train wreck happening. 

6. Trump was untested. At a time when it was obvious the status quo that had been in play since the eighties was now massively failing the working and middle class, here was Trump offering a chance to say "fuck the system". Running him against Hilary (the ultimate establishment candidate) turned the election into a referendum on the status quo, do voters broadly support continuing with Neo-Liberalism, or is a new direction required? Trump at the time won over plenty of liberals, despite running as a Republican, because many of them were just desperate for a shake up of the system, and couldn't imagine things getting worse.

7. Trump offered easy answers. Immigration an issue? "Build a wall." How do we afford it? "Mexico will pay". When Clinton was asked about the coal industry, she said that the coal industry was gone and that there needed to be a training scheme to help coal workers re-skill. Meanwhile Trump said "we'll bring back coal", which is a far easier pill to swallow if you're a 25 year coal miner who doesn't want to re-skill in his fifties. People like easy answers, even if they're impossible, and in 2016 people voted for them. 

8. Trump's a racist. America still has massive problems with racism. Despite what many conservative pundits will tell you, racism is not over, and Trump was able to communicate with a large group of people who previously kept their racism out of site, and emboldened their racism. "If it was okay for a Presidential candidate to say racist stuff, then it's okay for me to say it too" they thought, and that won over a large crowd to Trump. Equally, plenty of these empty headed racists are also sexist, they were pissed that a black man had been president, and they were motivated to make sure a woman was not president either. 

The one plus is that many of these things that led voters to Trump in 2016 aren't a thing today. People were disenfranchised to vote for Hilary, but those same people are very eager to see Trump gone. Trump is no longer untested, we know what kind of status quo he's offering and it's far worse than Neo-Liberalism ever was. We also don't have anything sticking to Biden the same way Hilary had 'buttery males' stuck to her, and Trump's easy answers are obviously not working during a pandemic.
Yes America, listen to the pill-popping hate-monger for advice.
Just so fucking stupid

I myself have been involved in two "abortions"

Both times was protected sex, with condoms but they don't always work.

First one, met girl, had sex first night, exchanged contact details, we didn't work out. Few weeks later she tells me she's pregnant. We aren't together, we have no interest in being together, we 100% don't want to have a kid with each other.

I pay off the cost of the "abortion" and really her "abortion" was her taking two pills

Second one with my SO. 3 months into our relationship she got pregnant. We both wanted kids eventually but didn't want to have a kid with someone we were just getting to know. Same method abortion pills.

FYI she's now 5 months pregnant with our first kid.

But what gets me is both times I wore condoms, hell the 2nd time wiht my SO not only did I wear a condom but she was on birth control. But without abortion I'd have 1 kid with a woman I only knew for a few hours, and the 2nd kid would be with my current SO and it wouldn't have allowed us to get to know each other like we have.

The right always wants to paint abortion as a doctor pulling a feteus out of the mother but the vast majority of abortions happen within the first 6 weeks of pregnancy where a pill you can take at home does the trick. And at 6 weeks the baby is just a bunch of cells, not even recongizable as a human IMHO
Because the red pill is the same thing as the blue one, just with strawberry flavor.
I could see a scenario where Biden and the high level democrats agree to just let him go.  Tell him, you have 30 days after the election to leave the country, but you must give a public concession speech stating you lost a fair election, and make a statement to his base that there was no fraud/he was leaving willingly to go back to his business because he had already made America great. Tell him there will be sealed charges filed against him, and if he ever sets foot on US soil again, he would be seized and charged for his crimes. And if he tries to stir up trouble from abroad, there will be charges and the US will treat him no differently than Snowden.  Trump would take that deal. He the only thing he fears more than looking losing is facing the real consequences of his actions. 

It would be a bitter pill to let him again escape the consequences of his actions, but averting civil war is a higher priority even than bringing Trump to justice.
Right, but look at all the pull the DUP had in the last parliament. Depends on locality for some too. Like SNP, DUP and Plaid. If we had better representation here you might see parties based on localities here too. I really enjoy UK politics and last Christmas’ election was a tough pill to swallow. I’m just hoping ours doesn’t pan out the same
Take a chill pill or something
Why oh why didn't I take the *blue* pill?
And. OST millions there coverage! The ACA is the worst program burdened upon America taxpayers! 
We could debate all day. You need to take the red pill and be enlightened! I was!😊
I actually hate barfing more than the worst flu. I wish I could take a daily pill to ensure I never vomit ever again. Regardless, I’d willingly get food poisoning if it meant I got to vote for Biden, especially as a voter in WI. I’d make a barf party out of it lol, I’m actually glad I moved up here if only because it meant I got to vote in a swing state. I don’t do beer and I hate football, and I really miss the sun, but I’ve never felt my like my vote ever counted until now. Mind you, I’m ignoring the rampant gerrymandering...
Concord effect. Basically, they’ve invested so much into Trump and their conspiracy theories that they almost certainly won’t admit to being wrong. They’ll come up to some new justification and cling to it because not doing so means admitting they were duped. It’s also means that the awful shit we say about Qanon and Trump supporters probably actually *does* apply to them - that they’re hateful bigots, that they don’t actually care about America and it’s ideals, that they would happily support a sleazy conman as their dictator. Since people will generally do everything in their power to continue to believe that they’re the right kind of people (whatever that means to them and even if they’re objectively wrong) admitting that their “enemies” were right about their Qanon bullshit would probably be too bitter a pill for them to swallow. 

At least right away. Things are going to be unstable for a while after the election. I hope that if these folks stop having someone feed them conspiracy theories and paranoia they’ll eventually put enough mental and emotional distance between who they are now and who they are in a few years that they’ll be able to admit they were deceived. They’ll probably continue to justify some aspects of it for a long time. But the deeper and more violent they’re in, the harder it will be for them to ever come out.
Lauren Underwood is what people pretend AOC is. She flipped a red district and has actually gotten legislation passed.

AOC's only accomplishment is triggering the right and primarying a safe blue district. She has 0 appeal to any demographic that isn't young leftists, the least important demographic considering they never vote when it matters.

The green new deal is a poison pill legislation that she knows has 0 chance ever becoming law, its just pandering to her base. 

Its a topic in the debate, only in that it gives trump the opportunity to lie his ass off and paint biden as a socialist lefty antifa super soldier, its not being debated because it has merit.

So tell me, in what world is she qualified for anything higher than the seat she has? Twitter followers don't count.

&gt;She's a strong, independent, woman of color who talks back, has fun, can game with the best of them, is confident, and let's be honest, is actually pretty damn attractive. She's everything they can never have in a friend, much less a partner, and they can't stand that fact. So, in their jealous, narcissistic rage, they decide if they can't "have" her, they'll try to remove her from their minds.

She also induces some intense cognitive dissonance because she challenges their idea of what a POC is supposed to be: unmotivated, entitled, uninvolved and immoral.

And, in turn, challenges how they feel about their own efforts in all of those areas.

Coming to terms with the fact **you're** the lazy, entitled and hateful citizen is a tough pill to swallow
So like the sexual revolution in the 60s-70s had nothing to do with the invention of the pill and roe v. wade wasn't really necessary or anything because women have had easy access to reproductive planning since the dawn of time but were just too moronic to use it?
Don’t forget the abortion pill smoothies for mistresses. FaMiLy VaLuEs n@.
GenZ has the most to lose in this election! 

If Biden doesn’t initiate measures against climate change, doesn’t invest in new alternative energies, doesn’t increase corporate taxes and taxes heavily for high emissions, doesn’t stop the scotus from illegalizing abortions, the pill, lgbtq rights... your generation will suffer great hardship and the consequences of a stupid and egotistical boomer generation.
I hope it’s fun for you. I personally won’t be able to watch even a single second. I’m legit just going to turn my phone off and take a sleeping pill to skip the whole thing LOL
"I can't do that anymore", said Fat Don, "Not without the blue pill."
Pelosi played Trump like a violin by having the House passing a stimulus that the Senate rejected?

Democrats were never going to pass a Republican bill with the COVID poison pill provision in it.
Doomer pill me
Doomer pill me, folks
Comey wrote the memo knowing it would be leaked. 

He could have mentioned the trump investigation in the same sentence, cited the Hatch Act, marked it top secret, which would fulfill his duty and ensure the R's would think carefully about releasing it. In short he could have added a poison pill.

He also caused collateral damage to the victim in the Wiener investigation where the extra emails came from. His actions are best explained as naked partisanship, misogyny, and loyalty to Guiliani (to whom he owes his career).
It's a shame you can't push heavy sex education, ease of access to contraceptives (make any contraceptive orientated surgery free) make access to the morning after pill easy and cheap. (You want to claim it's alive at three weeks, great. It's a mash of cells at 24 hours)
They swallowed a poison pill by letting Trump co-opt their party to the degree that he did. And their calculus is, they'll take the short term 2, 4 or possibly 8 year loss of power for the chance to stack the courts. And their bet paid off. 

I'm hoping people have longer memories about Trump's GOP that the Senate, if flipped next week, doesn't flip in 2022. But if they don't the GOP knows they'll be back to their old obstructionist ways before too long. And if people do continue to hold them to account, or at least turn out in numbers necessary to do so, they the SC stands as the last bastion of conservatism in government. 

Unless the court is expanded at least...
Here's an unfortunate reality and a hard pill to swallow...without considering causality as it's not the police officer's job to consider, African Americans are grossly disproportionately responsible for violent crime and murder in America. We can't ignore this fact when discussing police conduct data and race relations. Yes, we have a terrible policing problem in this country, yes, we have a terrible racism problem in this country, yes, racism, injustice, and inequity over centuries creates crime, but to conclude that the data in the report is solely a problem of white racism in the police force, is not a reality supported by data.  Black and Latino cops are more likely to shoot black people than white cops (2018 FBI Statistics).  We must consider the reality that there is a correlation between violent crime and violent police interactions that lead to death, if want to have a serious discussion on police misconduct and systematic racism.
Yeah. Reality is a tough pill to swallow sometimes.
I was going to say, they realize both parties vote by mail. The military does it every year. They are just finding a narrative and sticking to the play book. Don’t give them a reason to even try it. 2000 Gore V. Bush happened because Florida was so close and winner wins the WH. It’s a hard to pill to sell if Trump says “well, mail ballots in these keys states didn’t go as planned, while
Mail in ballots in these states was perfect.” Really? Why those keys states? 

Blow this out of the water!
Fuck this guy and his poison pill money. Wonder if he even ever paid all those staffers he promised to do so until Nov.
Republicans - 2+2=6!  
Centrists - Okay in order to win I'll campaign on 2+2=5.  
Republicans when they aren't in power - SEE THE MATH DOESN'T ADD UP 2+2 DOES NOT EQUAL 5.  
This is pretty much how centrism poison pill packed legislation gets played ad nauseum.  
  
Where as if policy is based on actual working policy, it's so successful it creates decades of democrat leadership and drives the creation of presidential term limits.
Rebuild the police sounds like we are going to give them even more money and equipment. Congrats, now the left hates your slogan. 

Restructure the police sounds like something a corporate HR announces before layoffs. That's going to get the same poison pill treatment on fox news. 

The problem here, is that slogans are always going to be coopted by the opposition. You're trying to use a few words to describe what is often a complex platform. As long as we are so heavily polarized, there will always be people vehemently opposed, that have absolutely no interest in ever reviewing that platform. 

You're always going to have people screaming "all lives matter." Or "when, exactly, was America great in the first place?"
Report them to someone. I’m sick of turning the other cheek. My aunt last year told me how some of her fellow volunteer pill workers were electioneering for Republicans for most of the day. Nobody says anything because they don’t want the hassle, so they keep getting away with everything.
It had various poison pill provisions like zero liability for businesses that recklessly endanger staff during the pandemic and low levels of funding for state governments that need support. If you accept that and Mitch calls your bluff, lots of people are fucked.
There's been a huge movement towards "Settle for Biden" because they're just sick of Trump. Keep in mind, for some of these individuals, this is the first time in a presidential election that they're voting for an older white male. That can be a tough pill for some to swallow.
If he's smart he'd do it that way. 

Reorganize the circuit courts, perhaps even add two more (the 9th really needs to be split, it sees too many cases), update SCOTUS, implement things like an independent panel of retired judges to handle accusations of malfeasance or corruption, and to recommend recusal, etc. 

Sure it takes six months. But you can, in the interim, do things like institute the Wyoming Rule, handle DC and PR statehood. PR needs to vote on a referendum for that -- probably request a ranked choice "Statehood/remain territory/become independent"), but DC's already on record multiple times. 

A new voting rights act that applies to *all* states, maybe some laws against gerrymandering, etc. 

And, bluntly, let SCOTUS strike down the ACA and anything else unpopular it's going to do (like effectively outlaw abortion) in order to drive up public support. It's going to do it *anyways* (you can't expand it and seat 4 judges in time to stop it), so you might as well *use it*. 

"We're more likely to get this done if we take six months or a year than do it tomorrow" is a bitter pill to swallow, but it's also the *truth*. 40% chance you get it tomorrow, 80% chance you can get it in November. I'll take the 80%.
I think we're in agreement: Democrats, like Republicans, take their marching orders from corporate donners. They pacify the will of the people and obey corporate commands. 

I just haven't gone completely black pill. I dream of strikes in districts of Senators who don't vote for relief bills, healthcare, rent freezes. At the very least, Biden's inevitable ineptitude will radicalize more people. More people need to see it the way my man Eugene saw it:

&gt; The Republican and Democratic parties, or, to be more exact, the Republican-Democratic party, represent the capitalist class in the class struggle. They are the political wings of the capitalist system and such differences as arise between them relate to spoils and not to principles.
Have you watched a trump rally?  Indoctrination 101.  

All most people want is a balances supreme court.  That's really pretty logical.  But one side stole that from the rest of the country a few years ago.  That's a tough pill to swallow.  Not exactly Democratic.
You mean the republicans that decided to ram through a supreme court nomination and then head home until the 9th? 

The republicans who had 3 months to take up the house bill for vote and never did?

 The republicans who wanted to spend $500 billion mostly on reduced unemployment and corporate bailouts while reducing the Earned Income Tax credit as a poison pill? 

The republicans that wanted to make employers not liable for lack of Covid safeguards under any circumstances?


I'm sure you're right. Clearly the Democrats are at fault.
That or they're waiting for shit to really hit the fan so that dems compromise on the corporate protections and whatever other poison pill they want to include. This shit has been waiting for Mitch since like May or June. There's calculated reasons why they haven't.
Good point. I think it might have been naive of Obama to think that he had the votes locked up, though. We had just gotten out of the ACA debacle where Democrats tried to play nice, only to have to fight off multiple poison pill amendments and then getting fucked by Lieberman on the public option.

Watching that unfold and then hoping that you'd be able to lock in sixty, all while Democrats during midterms were distancing themselves from obama ..seems like wishful thinking that there was ever a solid, no to minimal risk opportunity to fill another seat after already getting Sotomayor and Kagan.
The Dennis System on *Sunny in Philly* is a parody of those seduction systems, that pick up artist/red pill kind of things.
&gt; Now do 1976.

Per the same links:

Inflation was 6.5% (5.9% better than 1980). GDP growth was 5.39% (5.65% better than 1980).

While I understand the desire to reduce everything to partisan differences (and the Republicans have *definitely* earned our ire) it probably doesn't apply here.

----------

The stagflation of the era was calamitous. Prior to that point, economic policy-makers understood there to be a short-term trade-off between inflation and employment; specifically, if they allowed inflation to rise for now, then the unemployment rate would fall in the short term. In the long term, high inflation was bad, but who could be bothered to care about anything but the short term? /s

Through most of the seventies, they had the unfortunate circumstance of a generally stagnant economy *and* runaway inflation at the same time. (Hence the name: Stagnation + Inflation = Stagflation.) This left them with no good choices.

They could increase inflation, which was already harming the economy, and hope that unemployment might drop...though there was no guarantee. They could try to tamp down inflation, but unemployment would *definitely* go up in the short term.

Ultimately, the problem was solved by a technocrat named Paul Volcker. He raised interest rates to stop inflation, but doing so plunged the country into a recession. Unemployment sky-rocketed and the Republicans were punished for it in the [next election](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_United_States_elections)...but, it actually worked.

The problem of runaway inflation was solved, the economy started growing again, and unemployment rate started to drop.

Paul Volcker made us swallow the bitter pill that was just the medicine we needed.

--------

This leads to two common responses. I'll deal with each:

* Wait...the Federal Reserve raised interest rates to fight inflation? Isn't that...normal? Isn't that what The Fed always does?

Yes! At least it is what The Fed does *now*. Before Paul Volcker, it wasn't. It became the norm after Volcker proved it to be an effective strategy.

* Okay...but who do we credit? Who do we blame? Even if The Fed Chair is ostensibly independent, he is still a political appointee. Who should we credit with this change?

It isn't particularly easy to delineate between Republicans and Democrats in this discussion. Who appointed Paul Volcker? Jimmy Carter. Could Volcker had done what he did without the support of Reagan? Almost certainly not. The historical record shows both Carter and Reagan doing the right thing (on this issue).

The real difference seems to be between short-term thinking and long-term thinking. Volcker's strategy required short-term sacrifice for medium-term and long-term benefits.

----------


...but, let's assume that the Republicans have gotten worse over the last several decades. (That is what the evidence points to.) Does this exonerate Republicans? Does this undermine the main thrust of your point? Absolutely not.

If you switched your wording to:

Every Democratic President in *the last quarter century* has had a major economic crisis left to them by the outgoing GOP president; Clinton, Obama, and hopefully Biden. Each GOP President has come into office with a relatively prosperous economy.

...then your point still stands.
It’s a tough pill to swallow. Hang on a week is kind of an ironic thing to say in relation to this appointment
But wants a magic pill from doctors.
At what point is it murder? Every time I wack it I am releasing potential life. Is that murder?. What about when I'm banging my gf and we use a condom. Eggs and sperm potential life. Is that murder? I don't use a condom, egg gets fertilized. It doesn't attach to her womb. Is that murder? It does attach, she takes morning after pill is that murder? It attaches, 2 weeks later find out she is pregnant. Takes chemical abortion pills. Is that murder? Where does the line for murder start? 

If your talking about late term abortion, those are rare and almost always for the safety of the mother and child.
It's been said a million times already but the part that I will never ever for the life of me understand is for what possible reason a poor person would ever in their life vote republican. I get that for some it's a hall pass to be a racist or bigot, but that simply cannot explain every single country bumpkin who votes Republican proudly then goes home to their trailer park. There have to be plenty who aren't racist, and then there's the massive number of poor POC, who would largely, but not entirely, vote democrat but some still take the red pill and I'm just like ... why? The party you just voted for literally hates *everything* about you, even as you chant their name.

I could live to be 150 and still never understand it.
That's why progressives are having a hard time swallowing the Biden pill. I still voted for him, but only because Trump is worse. I'm just not sure if Biden has what it takes to truly make proper change outside of rolling back key EO's.
Don't believe in "hope" that goes against all evidence. It's just a tranquilizing pill to try and make yourself feel better while pacifying your response to it all.

She will not be reasonable. She will not flip on them. She is a partisan hack and tool groomed to be just that. She's a puppet for power and corporate greed, and she's going to serve those masters loyally.

All that hope does is create an excuse to not get mad and act, because surely things will somehow not be so bad on their own. I get that sensation and desire and don't mean to attack you for it, but don't let that crap take over and pacify you.

The corrupt do not just give up power willingly. They're going to be fighting with every trick they have. They already have been, which is why we are where we are.
Didn't trump recently hire a politician that slipped his "by the side woman" an abortion pill? Yeah, trump is really standing by the principles of his anti-abortion base. 😒 Or the principles of the pro-choice base. Only people who think men's rights are above women's rights can swallow that one...
The house passed the relief bill the senate turned it into a poison pill rather than just passing it.  What's holding it up is the republicans want to force in provisions that make businesses not responsible for covid contracted on the job.  Theoretically this is even if someone is forced to work when sick.
Nationwide unrestricted access to contraceptives is only one year older than national access to abortion, and plenty of conservatives object to the most effective and common forms of birth control. I think we’d see a ban on IUDs and the Pill well before a ban on condoms, but who knows?
If it was just an aid package, it would’ve been passed. Sorry if that’s a hard pill to swallow. It would be like the Republicans proposing an aid package that includes an agreement to build the wall, and then getting mad at Democrats for turning it down
The bill Mitch introduced was a poison pill for arguments sake. The democrats introduced an actual relief bill that has been permanently tabled
Yeah, totally, just constantly pay for pills that make you super crazy/depressed from the hormones or chance a pill that only really works if you're under a certain weight. Fuck you for thinking you deserve a worst case scenario backup that should be your own choice in the first place.
The sun'll come out
Tomorrow
Bet your bottom dollar
That tomorrow
There'll be sun!
 
This is a good test run get all your after out today so you can swallow the bitter pill of Trump reelection on November 3rd.
Not really. If anything it would be passed down to the states. Im neutral in this, but god damn am I sick of all this panic about everything that happens and assuming "well thats the end of x".

How many times have you had to utilize an abortion? I personally don't like the feel of a condom, so usually my girlfriend take birth control. The times I have had a scare was when I wore a condom and it broke, but then I just went with the plan B pill... its not that hard to use contraceptive. Crying about choices with your body, but not willing to be responsible with it in the first place. Cry me a river.
Biden or people I support have views I absolutely do not like - I'm still voting for them. They still hold beliefs, views and stances I don't like but just because they aren't 100% in my belief, doesn't mean they aren't the best person to vote for with the most logical chance of winning. 

Sometimes, and this has been a hard pill to swallow, you have to vote party over person.
meh, if you don't think women are going to get the abortion pill mailed to them, i dont know what to tell you.  That shit's not going away, and there's nothing you can do about it lol.
Is birth control now illegal because it prevents pregnancy? Think of all the potential babies stuck in the end of a condom!!!

Is the morning after pill now considered murder?

By the way none of the things I've said have even gotten into what happens to the baby once it is actually born. You're fine with charging women for not following through with a pregnancy; do you really think putting people and babies into poverty and danger is more important than a woman's right to choose?

I can keep going but 3 comments feels like enough. What you're advocating isnt just illogical, it's actively shameful.
While those rural people are certainly out there, my first thought when I hear 'Trump supporters' are out-of-shape, alcoholic/pill-popping, gambling-addicted, and suburban Boomer dipshits who inherited most of their wealth and, like Trump on a smaller scale, have been stumbling through life doing shit like running small businesses into the ground, going into debt buying boats and pickup trucks they don't need for anything practical, and dumping tons of other money into alimony and child-support payments. The whole image of these people being blue-collar salt-of-the-earth types feels very incomplete.
Think of this more as a poison pill for the government if he loses. Fire thousands and Biden takes over with a non operational govt in the middle of a pandemic hamstrung by a Supreme Court that blocks reform. Meanwhile Russia will claim a big bunch of the Ukraine
Go on the pill or take plan B pretty easy to not have to kill a baby or even use a condom, wow so many options
You do realize the democrats started all of this by removing the fillabuster rule on federal judges appointments right? Until then, both sides respected the law and rules and swallowed the bitter pill of the defeat. It wasn't until the democrats tried to do a shady power grab that all of this changed. Then the Republicans used the exact same change they made and now they're crying wolf over something they created. They shit bed and now they have to sleep in it. I don't want to see it any further. I want them to respect the boundaries and swallow the pill of defeat like they use to. It's funny that people don't realize it, but Trump is behaving 100% like any democratic politician and people hate him for it. Democrats don't take gracious defeats, and neither does Trump. Democrats lie, so does Trump. Democrats are petty and temperament, so is Trump.
He said he can’t want them to be more successful than they want to be successful themselves. How is that a controversial statement? You’re the one that is implying the lazy and unambitious part. You can’t just give people things and expect all of their problems to go away. It’s a hard pill to swallow but it’s true
Right, I understand the packing the courts thing. And thank god it's tougher for amendments. Was just nervous there would be some loophole or some speed pill they can take...
Every republican on this thread is a racist snowflake with backwards cousin-fucking values who have surely paid for the morning after pill and secretly watch gay porn. Enjoy your final week you fiendish scrotal lumps.
It’s going to be a bitter pill for you to swallow then. Yeah, if it’s ruled unconstitutional, security will just remove them and not allow them to be seated. No justice nor the dem party would ever push it anyways, as it would create martial law. If the law doesn’t need to be adhered to when you don’t like it, Republicans will go nuts with breaking it. Our democracy, and women + minorities would all suffer for it. You are talking about your pipe dreams in relation to how helpless you feel. Of course if it’s ruled unconstitutional nobody will just go “nag we gucci dawg, we goin in anyways” because then what stops Trump and Rs just deciding Trump ought to remain president regardless of election results because “dems cheated”? Etc etc
I'm on the PodSaves side. Trust me here. I'm very much anti-Trump.

With that said, the PodSaves folks lost me on their podcast a couple of years ago. It had come out that Dr. Ronny Jackson was the guy you went to for just getting pills. I know he's known for being crazy now, but he served during the Obama administration as well. The PodSaves folks fell all over themselves to explain how he was a good guy and basically the pill passing out was just how it all worked. It was such a hypocritical take. 

Anyway, point being, the PodSaves are correct side of history. But they are also basically propaganda. It's a bit frustrating.
More directly than that, all Alaskans are entitled to 25% of all mineral lease rentals, royalties, royalty sale proceeds, federal mineral revenue sharing payments, and bonuses. Even if it's not on my land, it's in my state.  
Why? Because as citizens we're goddamn entitled to the profit of capitalism and so should everyone else. It's the closest thing to communism in existence and Republicans will line up to die to defend it.  
These things have a way of happening with successful policy which is why poison pill packed "negotiating" people do today is a horrendous waste of time that typically turns Republican talking points into a self fulfilling prophecy when they point at the results of their poison pills to say it doesn't work.
Miller knocked up a Trump campaign staffer in 2016 while his wife was pregnant with their second child.  That cost him the job of White House Communications Director.  The staffer kept the kid.

Miller fought the staffer for custody of the child and during the subsequent court battle it came out that in 2012 he knocked up a stripper he met in Orlando and fed her an abortion pill smoothie. The woman lost the child and nearly died from blood loss.  That cost him his CNN gig.

Miller then sued Splinter News for defamation because they reported that story.  His court depositions were unsealed last year which revealed he had not one, but two affairs with Trump campaign staffers while his wife was pregnant, hired prostitutes on multiple occasions, and visited "Asian-themed" massage parlors in at least four cities where he got a happy ending.
It doesn’t do that, actually. It prevents ovulation by being essentially an extra-large dose of contraceptive hormones. If you’ve already ovulated, plan B will not help you. If you’re going to ovulate, plan B stops  you from ovulating. No egg= no conception. 

Plan b also can not terminate an already implanted pregnancy. 

So while some people get a really miserable bleeding episode after the plan b wears off, that’s more akin to the withdrawal bleeding you get on the “placebo” week of the more traditional BC pill. It’s not a forced expulsion of lining or a pregnancy.
&gt; Have you ever known someone who's gone on and come off multiple times something like Zoloft or Prozac? Their brains are permanently re-wired. They aren't the same person before and after, and I don't mean in a good way.

Yes I do know someone, me. That's just a bunch of pseudoscience bullshit. You sound like one of them. Besides I seriously doubt the vast majority of these people have a legitimate mental disorder and are far more likely to suffer from some form of personalty disorder. People like me can just take medication, there is no pill for sociopaths.
Kind of.  In October 2016, while working for the Trump campaign, he started an affair with A.J. Delgado - senior adviser and aide to Trump. By November 2016 she realized she was pregnant and she realized that Miller had lied to her  - he wasn't separated from his wife like he had told her, and in fact, his wife was also pregnant with his child.
      
    
A.J. Delgado ended up suing the Trump campaign for pregnancy discrimination, saying that during her pregnancy, Miller told her that she couldn't be seen "waddling around the White House pregnant" and that Sean Spicer (when he still had his job) had told her the White House is "no place for a new mom".
    
     
In the suit she says she did reach a confidential settlement with the Trump campaign in May 2017, but the campaign then went back on the settlement, forcing her to sue.
    
  
Note also, during the suit, she accused him of both physical and sexual abuse.
       
    
Eventually his and A.J. Delgado's child was born and predictably a big custody battle started.  During this fight, Delgado's legal team filed a document alleging that back in 2012, Miller had an affair with a woman he met at a strip club - Rachel's Gentleman's Club in Orlando.  According to the filing, the woman got pregnant. Miller then allegedly crushed up an abortion pill and put it into a smoothie.  He gave the woman the smoothie, of course without telling her what was in it.  The woman claims the pill caused her to lose the baby and nearly cost her her life.
    
   
Only the best people, folks.  The fact that the campaign rehired this piece of shit shows you there is literally no depth they won't sink to.
This is the guy who cheated on his wife, and then put a plan B pill in a smoothie and gave it to the girl he had an affair with right? I think it happened when was working as surrogate for CNN before getting hired by the Trump campaign.
Oh yeah, i almost for got:: 

look up what line of work most politicians go into post term of service.... lobbying, sitting on a board for a corporation that funded their campaign.... please, tell me what you find.  I need to know that all my research was wrong.   Then tell me why not participating in cryptocurrency is a good thing for you and this nation.  I doubt you will ever get that far.  Just take the blue pill and live in the matrix some more.
At least he isn't running a cash pill mill like a lot of places....
&gt;Trump Campaign Senior Adviser Jason Miller says that “there is a big unknown voter, a silent voter in 2016. We see a lot of that in our polling now.” 

Get to know the real Jason Miller:  [Deadbeat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UHa1r6_sQ4)

&gt;Jason Miller:

&gt;- Doesn't pay child support.

&gt;- Has admittedly hired prostitutes. 
&gt;- Was accused of drugging a stripper with an abortion pill.

&gt;So, of course he works for Donald Trump.
TEXT (shortened for length):

"Conflict between a Supreme Court hostile to progressive legislation and a Congress eager for reform appears very likely next year: Amy Coney Barrett will soon be on the court, creating an all-but-impregnable 6 to 3 conservative majority. Meanwhile, after the election, the Democratic Party may well control both chambers of Congress and the presidency. The prospect of years — maybe decades — of court rejection of significant legislation has caused some in the Democratic coalition to urge Congress to play hardball — perhaps by “packing” the court.

Yet Congress has a more innovative and less radical option at its disposal — one that takes into account the very doctrines that conservative justices are inclined to use to invalidate progressive legislation. Call it the “poison pill” — borrowing the name for a shareholder provision designed in the 1980s to prevent hostile corporate takeovers. A financial poison pill works this way: If one shareholder buys beyond a certain fraction of the company’s stock, contractual mechanisms kick in to make the takeover unattractive.

Likewise, Congress can add provisions to statutes that might lead to distasteful results for justices otherwise inclined to strike them down through ideologically driven judicial review.

Congressional “poison pills” could come in one of two flavors: The first type would hitch constitutionally vulnerable items to provisions that a conservative court would be loathe to invalidate. The second would trigger a fallback measure — if one part of the legislation is struck down — that would be highly obnoxious to an ideological bench, but beyond its power to invalidate.

The first of these options draws on an obscure but important legal doctrine called “inseverability.” If a provision of a law is “inseverable” from the rest of that law, that means that when the court strikes down the inseverable portion, the entire law fails. The concept is playing an important role in the current attempt to overturn the Affordable Care Act: The administration argues the individual mandate (which no longer includes a tax penalty) is unconstitutional and inseverable, and so the entire ACA must fall.

But inseverability can also be used to insulate a measure. Some statutes — like the ACA — require the courts to guess about what parts of a law are joined, because Congress hasn’t spoken to the question with an explicit and clear provision. But Congress can expressly state that two parts of a policy must stand or fall together. Imagine a health-care law in which a Democratic Congress yoked together, say, a mask mandate with a nationwide cap on medical malpractice damages. This might not only make sense as a legislative compromise; it also means justices who adhere to inseverability would have to strike down both a mandate they might oppose and also the tort reform they probably support.


A second type of poison pill ties a constitutionally vulnerable provision with a fallback measure that is plainly constitutional but politically unappetizing, at least for conservative justices. Congress could, for instance, require states to adopt a nonpartisan mechanism for drawing House districts, perhaps involving a bipartisan body of experts (such as Arizona’s) or a citizen commission (such as California’s). But if such a nonpartisan system of redistricting were found unconstitutional, the automatic fallback, written into the law, would be a highly gerrymandered national map of House districts favoring Democrats. The most informed scholarship on the topic finds Congress has the power to control districting pursuant to its Article I, section 4 power over elections. The court has already held that partisan gerrymandering cannot be challenged in the courts. So the court could stymie the modest anti-gerrymandering proposal only at the price of installing the hyper-Democratic (and constitutionally insulated) map.

Such a strategy could even be applied to policies affecting the court itself. The Constitution expressly grants Congress control over the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, including the amount and type of cases it hears, and Congress exercised that power from the founding to the early 20th century. Wanting more discretion over the pace and agenda of their work, the justices lobbied Congress for control over this docket, and secured it in 1925. But Congress can revoke this power. Congress could pass a measure that required term limits for justices (18 years, perhaps) and couple it with a fallback provision that eliminated the justices’ discretion over which cases to hear. Hence, if the justices rejected term limits — a limit they may dislike — they would find themselves no longer master of their caseload — a power they value, but have no constitutional right to keep.

At this point, many lawyers will raise an objection: What if the court doesn’t out-and-out invalidate the first option, but simply narrows its application into uselessness by reading the statute tendentiously? (In cases involving some civil rights statutes, the court has narrowed anti-discrimination provisions without overruling them.) Where that’s a possibility, however, Congress has the option of making the poison pill kick in for instances of narrowing as well as invalidation.

To be sure, Republicans could use this tool, too. But because of the different agendas of the two parties, it’s likely to work far less well for Republicans. The Democratic legislative agenda is chock full of new policies and programs — a public option in health care, a more robust approach to climate change, an expansion of voting rights, better workplace protections and so on — while the Republican agenda largely involves deregulation, tax cuts and judges. Because Democrats want to regulate more, they have more reason to be concerned about a conservative court reading statutes with gimlet-eyed hostility. So Democrats have far more to gain from poison pill measures than Republicans do."
So what's it gonna be? Red pill, or blue pill?
Up here in Canada, I will be deleting all my social media apps and playing soothing video games all evening, then taking a sleeping pill around 10pm.
That's called a poison pill or something. 

It's why he couldn't ever bring up Epstein to use against the Clintons because they were such close friends themselves
In the meantime the abortion pill is out there and you can even get it by mail so...https://www.thelily.com/the-abortion-pill-will-be-available-via-mail-for-now-heres-what-you-should-know/
This will ramble somewhat but I have some time and if you're interested I'm happy to write. 

I was pretty active in the conspiracy world before Trump came along so it's been interesting to me to see how Trump (or rather Russia on his behalf) has co-opted this entire subculture. 

Back when Alex Jones first started out it was just him in front of a curtain with a camcorder and documents obtained using the Freedom of Information Act, showing what really happened in certain events and how the government of the time covered it up or painted it a certain way. He was still a cooky fuck back then but he was talking about actual conspiracies that actually happened. Then he broke into Bohemian Grove and filmed the bizarre rituals the rich titans of industry get involved in out there and that gave him full on legitimacy. His production values went up and he started releasing feature length movies on DVD. 

Then the money starts rolling in. Not unlike WWE, Jones realized as Vince McMahon did, that the more content you pump out, the more money rolls in. So episodic camcorder videos became feature length DVD's which became 24 news cycle style CNN-lite sets draped in neon with ticker tape along the bottom of the screen. Every awful event that happened in the world was automatically spun into a conspiracy. There's a need for a constant perceived enemy so it becomes Islam. Even though Jones made his money from positing that Bush and his cronies were responsible for 9/11, it gearshifted to being an anti-Islam deal to gain subscribers. It's easy to get poorly educated people to hate what they don't understand. 

Now the train is running and the track is being laid as you go. You've created a running narrative that provides an alternate reality to follow, not unlike WWE or any soap opera. Once you're familiar with the narrative, you can start to see where it will go in your mind and as soon as a school shooting happens, you've already decided it was faked and simply go to Alex Jones to fill in the blanks.

Then Alex Jones meets Donald Trump. Donald Trump familiarizes himself with Jones' narrative, learns the 'Problem/Reaction/Solution' paradigm and realizes (read: Is instructed by Putin) that this is the perfect narrative to co-opt to run against his enemies. The Problem/Reaction/Solution paradigm for those who haven't heard the term refers to the trick governments use on their people. For example, a government will deliberately underfund a public service (create the problem), wait for the outcry from the public (the reaction) then offer privatization which they profit from (the solution). Trump learned how to spin the narrative, while online Putin's army of Bots and trolls get enough people on board with Trump the Lone Wolf good guy billionaire fighting the entire crooked establishment that they organize themselves into the alt-right and share step by step guides on how to brainwash or red-pill others into this thinking.

Alex Jones is now in his own little bubble pumping his crap to those who pay for it. Trump will end up in one too at some point I think. I expect once Trump loses he will flee to avoid his legal troubles at the state level and I was convinced it would be Russia, but now Putin has publicly said the Biden October Surprise was a bag of farts, I'm not so sure. Wherever he goes, I expect he'll set up his own Infowars style network to pump out lies about the US government under Biden. He'll eventually be deplatformed like Jones and he'll disappear from our consciousness in the same way. Would like to see both Jones and Trump in prison for what they've done but I'll settle for them just gone.

I'll most likely edit this as I spot typos.
Take a chill pill lol. He will lose and all of his supporters will whine like little snowflakes for a month or two and then they will move on with their lives. I guarantee you none of the low class trash that supports him has the time nor money to sit there and worry about Donald Trump every day.
I'm 50 years old. I was a management consultant in China for many years. My clients included Chinese factory managers, who are members of the CCP. And some of them were killers.  I have an MBA. I *taught* MBA-style classes on negotiation. AMA about cross-cultural negotiation strategy and tactics; I'd be happy to share my knowledge.


You, on the other hand, are a rando on the internet who is calling people "little soft pussy boys."  That's the language that Red-Pill people use.  

In the 25 days of your account, you frequently post on UFC and /r/steroids .
As someone else succinctly pointed out, she does not give a single solitary f**k, and likely never has nor will she ever. There could be 12 million casualties to back alley abortions (many of which will likely be based on Plan B pill trading today) the day after her and the rest of the conservatives on the SCOTUS bench kill Roe, and she would not bat an eye.
&gt; Wow, Take the red pill, Actually take 2, You need them

Sorry, my sex life is fine, I do not need "red pills"...seems you need chill pills OTOH...
Yes, and how willingly he will take a drink with a beautiful woman he is not acquainted with at all. One pill in his drink and he'll give up the whole crew.
&gt;To this second reply the guy decides to just say "LOL, why you gotta take this so personally? I'm   
&gt;  
&gt;just trying to red-pill  
&gt;  
&gt; you."

God I fucking hate board mods who allow this shit with a slap on the wrist, if even that.
If I hear "red pill" from someone on the internet I assume they're either an edgy 15 year old, or they think the moon landing wasn't real and 5G gives you COVID. No in-between.
Meaningful help for citizens will not pass before or after the election. Its going to take the seating of a new, hopefully democratic Senate before that happens.

The only thing that could possibly pass the Senate right now is a bill that tosses a few trinkets at the people while dropping all liability concerns for employers, removing regulations that protect workers and taking unemployment away from workers who choose not to return to dangerous workplaces.

The GOP wants to force workers to return to dangerous workplaces without providing any regulations or even enforce CDC guidance.

That's not a good deal for America and the Democratic Party is rightfully refusing to take up that poison pill. The GOP senate and leadership refuse to accept any measures that would help the people, cities and states who need it so badly right now. Don't let their smokescreen confuse you.
Obama was the only president in living history (or at least before Trump. There's so many fucking scandals that I honestly don't know if that was one of them) to order the execution of an American citizen. I think that's a pretty damn good criticism. 

Obama also had the opportunity to pardon Snowden and other whistle-blowers: would Assange have been culpable for helping Trump win the election if he wasn't forced to live in an embassy for years on end? Would Wikileaks have even been as big as it was if not for the continued persecution of Assange? Obama also re-signed the PATRIOT Act when he had the chance to remove it, instead opting for increased surveillance of innocent people.  

Yes, Trump is by far the shittiest person in power in a long time, followed closely my McConnell. But that's no excuse to excuse anyone of the shit they did with their power that's led to this point. Both republicans and democrats are culpable for the continued erasure of worker rights, of the continued expansion of the military industrial complex, and increased leniency on the rich. Even with Biden's tax plan, the wealthy are still paying less than they did in the 40's. Even with Biden's healthcare plan, people are still going to be going bankrupt for medical necessities.

It's a hard pill to swallow that the same party that has people pushing incredibly progressive, study-backed, science aligned policies are in the same party that has it's leadership pining for half measures and "feel goods" rather than initiatives that will move us towards reaching necessary goals in our lifetimes.
There has never been a cure to any virus so you can keep dreaming there. And if the vaccine isn’t 100% effective or if the virus mutates, we’re fucked. Not to mention the next virus after this one, which may be more lethal, will just start this shit show all over again. But please tell us how letting the virus just wash over us while we wait for a magic pill is sound public policy.
Red pill?  Wake up from the matrix?
It's a hard pill to swallow that she lost women voters. I'm confused as fuck on why this happened.
They knew back in March that the Cares act benefits expired at the end of July, the House passed the HEROES Act in May that would extend and increase benefits at least through the end of the year but possibly through the end of next summer. Mitch McConnel purposefully declined to address pandemic stimulus until August, at which point he proposed an insultingly low stimulus with the poison pill protecting corporations and walked away when Pelosi tried to meet him halfway at the negotiating table. Now, another 3 months later, we still don't have shit for the millions of unemployed and underemployed due to layoffs from the pandemic. We don't have rent relief, we don't have insurance coverage, we can barely pay our bills, and they are more focused on filling a court seat they were fine sitting open 8 months the last time a justice died. I'm beyond pissed and hope we can take the Senate majority and never give them back.
Maybe if people had the slightest clue why things were billed like that, they would understand why this whole story is BS. 

The hospital charges $40 for that Advil because it also has to account for everything in the process of deciding you need it and physically getting it to you. That doesn’t add up to near $40, but the hospital still needs to get paid for it, so they tell your insurance that it cost them $40. Insurance comes back and says they’ll only pay $10, which is much closer to the actual cost of the pill and service, so they take it. Insurance companies refuse to pay anything near what the hospitals ask for, so all the costs are inflated so the small percent they get covers the actual costs plus a profit. 

Also, do you know what it costs a hospital to keep a patient isolated? I needed a private room after surgery, and it was thousands more per day than a shared room, even though the rest of my care would have been the same.
You need to let them know that the red pill -- from the *exact* movie they are referencing -- is a term coined by Lana Wachowski as a stand-in for estrogen. Anecdotally speaking, it really messes with their heads.
I fucking hate the term red pill and I'll tell you why. Some time ago I posted a comment on a thread about women's issues and had this guy go real try hard on me with a Gish gallop of absolute misogynistic nonsense. 

I have a hard time letting nonsense go so I decided to address each point, one by one, with sources disputing what the guy was saying. By the time I was done I think I had addressed almost everything and almost everything turned out to not just be misleading, but straight lies.

Their response of course was a torrent of additional misogynistic lies. My reply was again, researched and sourced.

To this second reply the guy decides to just say "LOL, why you gotta take this so personally? I'm *just trying to red-pill* you."

That's when it really sunk in what red-pilling is. It isn't about winning men over to open their eyes to men's issues, it's just someone doing whatever it takes to generate another hateful, misogynistic asshole like they are. Like a fucking disease that just wants to replicate of its own sake.
&gt; In the “[Operation Snopes-Piercer](https://archive.vn/58y0P)” thread, forum users were once again asked to “**red-pill the normies**."

That phrase is probably the greatest incel marker in history.
If you're the kind of guy who goes around trying to "red pill" other people, you've got a nasty case of 14 year old disease and you need to grow the fuck up.
Trump just signed a poison pill executive order to guarantee that win or lose he can hire and fire federal workers he choses by reclassifying them into a status that doesn't have civil servant protection. He's turning the entire government into his personal cult, and gutting it's most meaningful asset: the people who serve regardless of political affiliation.

Whoever comes after him is going to have a hard road ahead.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/10/22/us/politics/trump-executive-order-federal-workers.html

https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucelee/2020/10/24/trump-new-executive-order-may-make-it-easier-to-fire-scientists-like-fauci/
A year ago he said it would be eliminated now there has been some backpedaling about Federal land and he hasn’t been clear so people are worried their jobs are in jeopardy. 

I never said I was pro fracking. What I said in the beginning of this thread was in response to DT’s taxes and fracking. I am more concerned about millions of jobs than DT’s tax returns. 

If Dems want to win, instead of eliminating jobs , no matter how harmful they are, come up with solutions of how to replace them so the transition is an easier pill to swallow. 

I think the gulf region needs to change dramatically. I live in an area highly dependent on the oil industry. If we had grants and federal reform to change some of these oil businesses that are being phased out to manufacturing wind turbines for clean energy or solar panels, that would change a red state to blue. Instead, Dems just say “eliminate” and deal with it because it’s bad for the planet. It’s bad for the planet. We get it but who is going to put food in the table?  Get a job where?  Walmart?  Who is going to shop there when an entire area is dependent on money brought in from the oil industry. Walmart will close and the town be bankrupt. Just a thought.
I struggled a bit with it, too. I did not, and do not, like Clinton, and it was a hard pill to swallow.

I don't like Biden a whole lot either, but I still trust his ability to right the ship, and give us a pathway forward for progressive policy. He's done so much right, that Clinton got wrong, such as pulling in as many non-Trump supporters are possible, and bending his own policy to appeal to the holdouts. He's also boosted by the previous four years of Trump's presidency, which has shown enough able-minded Americans that this man is a threat to our very country.
Oh yeah true I forgot about that. Mate I was fucking livid when I voted for the HEMP party and found out they were connected to the LNP.

Whilst we're giving shit to the LNP how about that [Gladys](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-10-23/gladys-berejiklian-approval-of-council-grants-shredded/12806962). TBH she had a damn good response to Covid-19 but she needed comeuppance for turning NSW into a fucking police state and removing pill testing.
I fucked up my vote in 2016 - didn't vote for tRump but still. Not this year. Please vote for Biden. I don't even want to - it's a hard pill for me to swallow, but there's too much on the line right now (there has been for awhile and I wish I had seen that sooner).
Egad. Misinterpret thing much? Go back to your wagon and take a chill pill dude.
As somebody who is barely holding onto a remission state to many chronic illnesses, I just hope to whatever is up there that I don’t get COVID before Biden’s Inauguration Day. Even though Biden is not a miracle pill, if I’m going to die I want to know that atleast somebody (other than myself) tried to prevent it.
Alright dude, im going to have to lay it out for you. The corporate media here in the US is straight up pulling tactics out of 1984 and the like. People are so evenly split its kinda hard to believe. Unless you're watching hours and hours of peoples livestreams or some shit, I dont see any way in hell people overseas could have any chance at discerning the truth. I dont want to say stay out if our shit or whatever, but please recognize the lack of connection you have to reality. Anything coming through the internet is a red pill or a blue pill.
Meth in a pill.
Sure thing ,bud. 


At some point you have to swallow the pill that shit doesnt change immediately because you want it to. This is coming from a Bernie supporter and volunteer. I'm not happy with what the DNC has done the last two times either, but I also decided not to pout like a child because we knew what a Trump presidency could meN, and its turned out a lot worse. Change will come. It always does. Like a wave it's going to come. Guess what though, by pouting and allowing the Repubs to win the last election,  everyone that didnt vote for Hillary out of "protest" enabled the repubs to do what they have been able to do the last four years, thus pushing that wave of change further back. 


You may not like the DNC, but there is absolutely no doubt that they are the road to the change we want. 


So again, well done
You just don't get it do you?

I'm not talking about polls... im talking about the early voting results.  Things that actually matter not 1% of 1% of 1% of 1% of a the population answering a random phone call survey.

[You didn't get yesterdays news?](https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2020/10/breaking-early-results-florida-shocking-one-candidate-no-doubt-happy/?utm_source=Twitter&amp;utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons)  Don't like the source?  google a leftist rag to confirm.

It's well known [hispanics who fled socialism.... don't want it here](https://www.npr.org/2020/10/24/927384332/trumps-support-from-latino-voters-holds-steady).  But I don't think you're ever going to understand why [minorities are flocking to Trump.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/trump-is-losing-ground-with-white-voters-but-gaining-among-black-and-hispanic-americans/)

It might have something to do with your white savior complex.  Or... I don't know... your rabid news outlets pushing propaganda and lies... or the social media push for far left socialism... or all the repressed racism within the DNC in general. [It's gonna be a real bitter pill for yall to swallow.](https://www.tampabay.com/news/florida-politics/elections/2020/10/23/florida-republicans-surge-ahead-with-in-person-early-voting/)
This is it. She had to swallow the shit pill because the Loeffler lady might be infected.
What brainwashed me for the left was that there was no brainwashing... growing up Republican in private schools in red areas I always expected there to be some sort of rabid, concerted liberal agenda.

The closest thing to that was the vegans with the pictures of tortured animals (and the pro-life people with pictures of dead babies), my teachers and classmates didn't proselytize me though I tried to do so with classmates and was met with blank expressions.

There was no brainwashing, no holy war to fight - anyone saying otherwise has a pill to sell - and that's when I realized the Repub party is built on holy wars and ideology, not reality.
At this stage of the trials they aren't really testing if it works.  They already know it produces COVID antibodies by this point.  They need to know if it has any unpleasant or dangerous side-effects.

This is complicated by the 'placebo effect'.  If you give some people a sugar pill or a saline injection and tell them they have had an experimental treatment, they will start reporting all kinds of 'symptoms'; headaches, nausea, whatever.  So in order to sort out the psychosomatic or coincidental from the actual effects of the vaccine, you give half of your volunteers the vaccine, and half a placebo, and you don't tell them who got what.
10,000 votes for R in a rural community won't outweigh 80,000 dem votes in a city. Take a chill pill.
&gt; 4 more years

At least. I was here for Thatcher.  It took us 17 long years to eventually get the fuckers out that time.  I've reconciled myself with the prospect that if that happened again, I quite possibly won't live long enough to see a non-Tory government. That's a bitter pill for a lifelong member of the left.
I think the Bernie or Bust is just an extension of a general third-party disillusionment in the USA. It is a specific cohort of a larger group of people whom ascribe to the idea that voting is a display of "personal endorsement" rather than a "civic duty". For many, if the pill is bitter they simply will reject it and tantrum rather than swallow something that helps them in the long run. "This candidate hasn't earned my vote" so to speak, despite them never having truly demanded as much or signalled that their vote is feasibly earnable. I see the nonvoting population as equally an extension of the mentality this dilemma produces, though a more chronic one. The more who sit out, the more significant those small margins become.
When you say she's a puppet it's almost like you're saying she not bright enough to make these decisions on her own. You're criticizing her personal life when she actually made bad court decisions and if you don't bring that up you'll make her look like a martyr for her faith or specifically her cult. If you can't tell I'm not on her side, I'm just saying this handmaids-tale criticism is sensationalist and if we keep it up the greater majority is going to think they're smelling BS from us. And I'm genuinely curious, can I get your or anyone's sources on the People of Praise extremism? I'd just like to find out for myself and not on a reddit comment.

And for this women's right to choose, if you think abortion is murder then you'd probably do something to stop it. I have no qualms with that (however if I can extend a olive branch here if you can legally shoot someone who's endangering you life you can probably take a pill to disintegrate a zygote).
Yep. Most of these 'rage against the system' people don't really have skin in the game yet. If Trump wins a second term I might lose my right to marriage, healthcare, the birth control pill that literally keeps me from dying, among many other things. My community will further suffer from racist policies and lack of funding. The millions of unemployed people, including myself, will continue to lose sleep at night worrying about what the fuck is going to happen. Sitting this one out is really just a big "fuck you" to anyone with anything to lose.
I’m probably on the minority here but I actually think he was just trying tuck in his shirt. The pat on the waist was creepy af, but I highly doubt the dude can get his penis working without taking a pill first. 

His actions were very unprofessional and I think he was trying to see if he could a rise out of her in some way by laying down and opening up his pants, but I really think was tucking his shirt in and they edited the clip in a way to make it seem worse.
Countried dont cause themselves huge dammage to please a certain president of a certain country, but their political elite does so willingly. 
Especially when it is the only way to reach power or consolidate it. 
UK with Brexit, especially a no deal Brexit is a perfect example of that. 

I understand that it might be a hard pill to swallow, but even countries like the US and UK are starting to have their political elites placing their allieagences elsewhere, just like underdevoloped countries, and start to advocate policies that are completely outlandish and devoid of any interest to the citizens.
There are very few people who were ever seriously Bernie or Bust. This narrative of Bernie or Bust is a hold over from the 2016 election. More Hillary voters went for McCain when she lost the primary to Obama than Bernie voters went to Trump. It's a talking point that is inflamed by Russian propaganda bots.

I'm not voting for Joe Biden, I'm voting against Donald Trump. I will say though, his last debate won me over a little with the push towards renewable energy and a public option. I'm less bitter about that pill I already swallowed with my early vote.

No one is really interested in election reform that would result in a more representative democracy. Both parties are happy to have 2 options be the only viable options.

The people dropping their votes on Howie Hawkins can't be seen as spoilers. They should be able to have that option. Maybe they'll still be down ballot Democratic for their local choices because Green, Socialist, Workers, People's, etc. parties aren't going to be anywhere else on their ballot / possibly even a choice in their respective state. I hate when either party points to the 2% of people that voted third party and not at half of eligible voters sitting out.
I was watching an interview with him, and he was explaining the two Borat movies. For the first one, he was trying to say "Look at all the racism and anti-semitism out there. We like to think it's gone, but it's right there under the surface." And then with Borat 2, he said "For four years, we've seen the anti-semitism and racism on full display. We know it exists now, because we can't deny it. That said, you'd be surprised to remember that a lot more unites us than divides us." 

That last bit can be a hard pill to swallow this year, but I think those two guys are proof that he's right. They believed some pretty gross stuff, but in the end, they're not monsters. They're just people. They may be very misguided, but they're still people.
I think the idea of most 3rd part voters is they want too share a stage with the Dems and Republicans, 5% of the vote is what they need to attain that status. I voted Johnson last election on this principle, in a state Hillary was guaranteed to win. This time around I'm voting Biden who I dislike, but the madness HAS to stop, and so I'm swallowing the Biden pill with hopes for progressives to make significant strides over the next 4 years and challenge whatever centrist corporate dems decide to run out after 1-2 terms of Biden. The biggest thing is actually winning the senate, if the senate can be flipped for at least two years of Biden's presidency, then we can see huge amounts of movement for the causes we care about M4A, Higher Education, Regulations on Wall St. (Which is going to crash in the next 1-2 years by the way), and add four newly minted supreme court judges and lock it up tightly so that conservatives can't just pack it further the moment they gain power back.
No, suicides count. There’s a misconception that a suicidal person will find a way to kill themselves no matter how much effort it takes, but statistically it’s just not true. Most suicides are impulsive acts, and the more roadblocks you put in the person’s way, the higher the chance the impulse will pass without being acted on.

So making it harder for a mentally ill person to get a gun will in fact save lives, just like switching to blister packs instead of pill bottles did.
I agree. It's just a tough pill to shollow.
Is it a scenerio like where Jason Miller slipped his mistress an abortion pill?


I'm going to go read the article now.
Growing up catholic, I was taught about family planning from a small age. It was a part of my “sex” talk as a kid. My wife and I practice it now. With proper training, natural family planning can be powerful. I can even guess when my wife is ovulating and I’m right most of the time. Just need to pay attention to the signs. She used birth control to control her mensuration, but the pill was messing with her mentally and physically. Switch to natural family planning and everything is great!

The pill was the greatest destroyer of my wife’s lobito.
That sounds idiotic and the kind of thing is just going to get the rich and the poor to hate each other. I'm a socialist and feel that if you treat everyone to equal benefits from social programs you remove much more of the us vs. them mentality and instead the higher earners who are paying more into the system can feel proud of their country rather than robbed of it. Obviously they will still chafe at paying more in but if the payout is fair then it is an easier pill to swallow.
I love ranked choice voting and tell people about it whenever the opportunity comes up. It is a great way to talk to the people who are like the "well all politicians are bad, both parties, red pill, blue pill."
And don't let the early voting data fool you. The Republicans have chewed hard on the virus is a hox pill and will show up to vote on the election day.
That may still come, but this pill is easier to swallow right now during election time.
I haven’t seen or heard about these two open letters at all. Do they even have all the information needed?

OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA, SECRETARY SEBELIUS 
AND MEMBERS OF CONGRESS 

DON’ T CLA IM TO SPEA K FOR A LL WOMEN 

We are women who support the competing voice offered by Catholic institutions on 
matters of sex, marriage and family life. Most of us are Catholic, but some are not. We 
are Democrats, Republicans and Independents. Many, at some point in our careers, have 
worked for a Catholic institution. We are proud to have been part of the religious 
mission of that school, or hospital, or social service organization. We are proud to have 
been associated not only with the work Catholic institutions perform in the community - 
particularly for the most vulnerable — but also with the shared sense of purpose found 
among colleagues who chose their job because, in a religious institution, a job is always 
also a vocation. 

Those currently invoking “women’s health” in an attempt to shout down anyone who 
disagrees with forcing religious institutions or individuals to violate deeply held beliefs 
are more than a little mistaken, and more than a little dishonest. Even setting aside their 
simplistic equation of “costless” birth control with “equality,” note that they have never 
responded to the large body of scholarly research indicating that many forms of 
contraception have serious side effects, or that some forms act at some times to destroy 
embryos, or that government contraceptive programs inevitably change the sex, dating 
and marriage markets in ways that lead to more empty sex, more non-marital births and 
more abortions. It is women who suffer disproportionately when these things happen. 

No one speaks for all women on these issues. Those who purport to do so are simply 
attempting to deflect attention from the serious religious liberty issues currently at stake. 
Each of us. Catholic or not, is proud to stand with the Catholic Church and its rich, life- 
affirming teachings on sex, marriage and family life. We call on President Obama and 
our Representatives in Congress to allow religious institutions and individuals to continue 
to witness to their faiths in all their fullness.

Signed by(among many others) 

Professor of Law, University of Notre Dame 
Amy Barrett

https://archive.org/stream/gov.gpo.fdsys.CHRG-112hhrg73101/CHRG-112hhrg73101_djvu.txt


Beckett Fund for Religious Liberty Open Letter


“The Obama administration has offered what it has styled as an ‘accommodation’ for religious institutions in the dispute over the HHS mandate for coverage (without cost sharing) of abortion-inducing drugs, sterilization and contraception. The administration will now require that all insurance plans cover (‘cost free’) these same products and services. Once a religiously affiliated (or believing individual) employer purchases insurance (as it must, by law), the insurance company will then contact the insured employees to advise them that the terms of the policy include coverage for these objectionable things.



“This so-called ‘accommodation’ changes nothing of moral substance and fails to remove the assault on religious liberty and the rights of conscience which gave rise to the controversy. It is certainly no compromise. The reason for the original bipartisan uproar was the administration’s insistence that religious employers, be they institutions or individuals, provide insurance that covered services they regard as gravely immoral and unjust. Under the new rule, the government still coerces religious institutions and individuals to purchase insurance policies that include the very same services.



“It is no answer to respond that the religious employers are not ‘paying’ for this aspect of the insurance coverage. For one thing, it is unrealistic to suggest that insurance companies will not pass the costs of these additional services on to the purchasers. More importantly, abortion drugs, sterilizations and contraceptives are a necessary feature of the policy purchased by the religious institution or believing individual. They will only be made available to those who are insured under such policy, by virtue of the terms of the policy.

“It is morally obtuse for the administration to suggest (as it does) that this is a meaningful accommodation of religious liberty because the insurance company will be the one to inform the employee that she is entitled to the embryo-destroying ‘five-day-after pill’ pursuant to the insurance contract purchased by the religious employer. It does not matter who explains the terms of the policy purchased by the religiously affiliated or observant employer. What matters is what services the policy covers.



“The simple fact is that the Obama administration is compelling religious people and institutions who are employers to purchase a health-insurance contract that provides abortion-inducing drugs, contraception
Meanwhile NY Post and Fox News - who let us not forget wouldn't touch it until somebody else took the poison pill - won't stop beating this dead horse
I'm going to look into that, thanks! A couple of years ago, she got fleas really bad from our in laws dog and we tried all manner of over the counter stuff and the only thing that worked was this pill from the vet. I don't remember what it's called but it's $80 every 3 months so if this works, it will be a huge help.
Or red pill.
Hey, Do you to want to be rich in 6 days?  Lose all your belly fat?  Last longer in bed?  Our company has just developed a revolutionary new pill and we're offering it exclusively to new customers in your area at an incredible discount of 50% off!  Supplies are limited so you have to act fast!  Be wealthier than your neighbor and drive a fancier car in just 6 days!  It's absolutely amazing and results are guaranteed!  Don't keep dreaming about a better future. The solution is here now and operators are standing by for your call!  Get ready to have the best sex ever!  Call now!
I live in a very rural area, which means that just about 99.99% of the people I meet are going to be conservative and support Trump. My neighbors from across the street are addicted to opioids and get all their news from what I assume is OANN (from the type of weird conspiracies they spew). My in laws don't have a computer and are also absolutely not phone savvy. They get all their political news from my pill poppin' neighbors. Thankfully, they don't vote because they also think that 'individual votes don't matter', but I will give you one guess as to which political party they think is the worst.
It's an unfortunate combination of "hey it's my college experience, it's the last big hurrah before day-to-day bleh of working life" and early COVID "information" about how young people are "largely safe" from the virus before we knew practically anything about it.

The concept of invincible youth was an easier pill to swallow.
It's interesting, Coney should have been really energizing to the Christian base, but there is no excitement and no pleasure in their supposed crowning achievement, because Christians knows they are playing dirty to it just ain't right and their hypocrisy is laid bare and it's not a fun pill to swallow. God is sending you a message, listen.
Red pill&lt;——-You, don’t worry we won’t cancel you (kek)
Here's some honey to help you with that bitter pill[life accordion to trump](https://youtu.be/S65jqrHQi_c)

Sfw. Wait for the wall...
This guy literally made a thread yesterday about his results from 16 weeks on steroids. 

&gt; Curious to see what you guys think of this steroid and how it’s affected your red pill experience.. of course if you have tried it. Such as success with women, how others perceive you, how it made you feel, etc. I used it for about 15 weeks straight, it turned me into a Greek god, the definition of a hyper masculine male by image.

These are the kind of people that worship Trump
MAGA needs to take a chill pill
I want to point out that half of your arguement is based on *private industry*. Trump cannot force a company into anything, as it is private. All business decisions are decided by them. And to clarify, if we don't buy goods from China because of price, it encourages those businesses to come back to the states as to make their product cheaper for the consumers and to enforce ethical production. Why would you give your money to a country that under pays their workers abd treats them like shit? Do you support poverty? And yeah. I don't want my tax money going to a Democrat run city that is going to support hand outs and laziness in the midst of a pandemic. I have been employed for the entirety of Covid across 3 jobs. It wasn't fun to hop around, but I pulled my big boy pants up and made it work. Fun fact: THERE ARE STILL JOBS! YOU CAN GET ONE AND QUIT MOOCHING OFF MY TAXES! Lastly, if i walked up to you and pretended that everything you said was smoke, like Obama did to NK, would you be happy? Would you like to be robbed of your voice? Trump listened and negotiated and actually made some headway. You can't delegitimize a country with whom you have tension with, and expect them not to be pissed. Trump gave them, at least K.J.U., a voice and it reduced tension. Har har idiot. Don't act like the dems haven't done bad or shady shit either. There are plenty of examples of youre willing to swallow that pill.
I've had this discussion many times. It's not about life. That appendix is human life and removing it isn't murder.

Few forced birthers object to the birth control pill as contraceptive the way they object to abortion, even though it works by making fertilized eggs not implant.

It's not even about what life can eventually become autonomous and sentient. Thanks to cloning technology many cells in one's body could potentially become an autonomous lifeform and scrubbing those viable skin cells off in the shower isn't murder, either. 

As best I can tell it's about punishing women for promiscuity and sexuality, because being forced to give birth is what they deserve for making different choices.
Proud Boy application accepted! Also receive free subscriptions to Incel Weekly and the Red Pill Digest.
Yeah I had to take an anxiety pill and I still paced watching the debate. I'm still worked up 3 hours later.
He knows thats not all America is, he knows thats the parts he has to win, thats the hard pill to swallow.
No I don't, but I will tell you having had many interactions with pill and meth heads they are generally awful
Pop another pill, junkie
I’m from Canada. The worst thing can be queue times. 

However, after hearing how much Americans have to pay for insurance is a tough pill to swallow. It should never be that way
Biden is breaking down. That 45mg Alzheimer's pill his doctors gave him must be wearing off.
a lot more sane, its like someone crushed a pill in the orange's drink but hes unusually subdued. although hes starting to interrupt the moderator a bit now. Joe's on fire tho!
1/2 an anxiety pill in my belly....still clenching my jaw, but semi-ready
Did you even read those? The first one is, at worst, neutral. The second one points out that Buttigieg isn't radically left enough to suit some.

Well, for that matter neither am I. Mayor Pete would be an easier pill to swallow for a lot of voters than, for instance, Bernie.

If I could have him I would strongly prefer Bernie. If I couldn't, I could easily settle for Pete.
It's not, because Biden's version is going to include the same poison pill handouts to HMOs that made the affordable care act's main mechanism, the exchanges, a complete farce. Even when democrats help the average American, it has to include a massive handout to useless parasitic middlemen, thereby defeating the whole purpose of the legislation to lower healthcare cost.
What values am I basing on hate and fear? Ask questions if you dont understand. Please dont make assumptions. Liberals do what you seem to be projecting onto me. As I stated before I refuse to vote for either main candidate because l will never support a old racist white man. But what I really dont support is government handouts. Liberals are okay with groups being lazy and living off hard working tax dollars. When Obama was in office it was more difficult for me to find a job than when trump was in office. This has to do with policies that liberals dont seem to understand. Democrats are all for outsourcing to get cost down. This leaves americans without jobs. But dont worry liberals believe the government should help them because it was the government that outsourced their jobs to begin with. But then someone with a skill who still has  a job has to suffer high tax rates in order to support the freeloader who voted for his job to be given to china. Again please dont make assumptions. If you have questions I will answer them.  I dont have time for hate or fear. I understand most democrats are young kids who do not have a lot of life experience. I also realize that the older folks that remain liberal are typically poor or middle class. They are in a stagnant cycle that they cannot escape because they do not see the error in their ideals. It's impossible to think like a liberal and also be realistic. Humans are nasty that's a hard pill to swallow but it's TRUE.
Wouldn’t it be an easier pill to swallow if you had a healthcare plan set and shown in public before you kill legal protections?
What in your opinion is a late term abortion? Because medically speaking very few women are getting late term abortions because they changed their minds, it’s usually for health reasons or because the fetus will have severe health issues after birth. 

Are you a woman? Had your cycle been like clockwork your whole life? 7weeks is not moe than enough time. Do you know how expensive pregnancy tests are? What an absurd notion. Oh sure just test for the heck of it every few weeks. While I track my cycle very closely and know immediately if something is off, I’ve had phases of irregular periods, unusual bleeding which throw things off.  I know women who have very irregular cycles and have a period every other month. It’s not hard or unheard of to get to 6 or 7 weeks before you even realise you’re pregnant, and then you have a decision to make. Contrary to common anti-choice beliefs, it’s more often than not not an easy one that takes more than a day. 

7 weeks is an arbitrary, unscientific, emotional cut off. Women are able to get a pill abortion up to 9 weeks. I myself knew that I was pregnant at just under 5 weeks. I couldn’t get an appointment for almost 2 weeks which took me to 7. Then when they tried to do an ultra sound they couldn’t hear a heartbeat—which they need before they will proceed—they sent me home for another week. I ended coming back at 8 weeks to get an abortion pill. 

Hate me if you like, but the only reason I had to go through any of this shit is because other people feel that they are better placed to make decisions about my body and I was denied having my tubes tied when I requested it years earlier. 

Women should get a choice over their bodies full stop. An unborn (not yet) human does not trump a woman’s rights.
That's good nuance but five judges on the court after her confirmation won't really care. They will strike down Casey and let states do whatever they want. 

I'm more interested to see how people break on abortion rights after this.

Typically you have alot of support for the pill and moderate support for a d/e with minimal support for late term.

If you end up allowing states to bar any form it's no longer nuanced, people have to choose for or against.

My guess is that most people aren't hard core prolifers anyways but rather something social to seem like they are fair and if they needed an abortion they would fly to Colorado and get one, so if those people feel as if they won't have any access at all they will try to carve out some exceptions to benefit them.
It’s been two decades on two coasts since I got away from them and two times on SSDI.  People have no clue that when you go on SSDI for mental illness, there are no behavioral healthcare services on Medicare, which they transition you on to after a period of time on Medicaid, and if you were white collar salary, you make too much SSDI to qualify for Medicaid, which does have access to behavioral healthcare.  Even on Medicare Advantage, Kaiser is so understaffed they can’t see me more than every 30 days and can only prescribe one pill or I might become “strong enough to suicide”, so they can’t titrate me, and a therapist is available once every 7 weeks.  I need neurofeedback called ISF and it’s going to cost $40k for all the stuff I need for a year of treatments to ever be able to go back to work.

SSDI is a trap in America for the mentally ill, it’s fucking awful and it’s by design, and I had shitty friends who would ask me how they get on SSDI too so I just started telling folks well if you want to die on SSDI like I am then just get sexually abused by your mom and and abandoned by your dad like I was, and they will fast track your application, dude.

Also, my Kaiser Medicare plan is what the politicians want to see become Medicare for all.  When I tell people this, their knee jerk reaction is to brightside it all and go. “herp derp well the GOOD news is that when it is Medicare For All, it will HAVE to change!”  Like they’re so smart about social safety nets.  No, it doesn’t have to change, they deny me fucking everything on Medicare I need for my disabilities, that is the point.  The disabled are literal human garbage thrown out by America, and Article 25 of the UN Universal Declaration Of Human Rights says adequate access to housing and healthcare are basic human rights, but most of our country doesn’t believe that, they are so brainwashed, and we pulled out of the human rights council, anyways.  My parents are criminals and should be in jail for how bad they abused and neglected me to where I am disabled from it, but America don’t do shit about that either.
Says the guy with posts like "can we get hashtag savethechildren trending" "coat the red pill in blue paint" and "Obamagate is not a conspiracy".

We can *see* your history.
I think this is a bigger pill to swallow than Trump.  How are so many people naive to think this openly selfish bag of shit is doing a good job?
&gt; walking cartoon caricature of a sleezy businessman

in listening to interviews of supporters, the consistent thread is that "he's successful and tells it like it is, I admire that because I believe I can be that".

Trump's done a wonderful job of convincing people that he came from nothing, is wildly successful and they can be like him. Biden has been touting hard work and compassion for 50 years....

Which is is easier sell? Stupid people want the diet pill to make them skinny, smart people wake up and put the work in....
That is not to be mean a lot of working class(well not always doing the working) red state people.'
People that fall down on purpose to get worker's comp and eventually disability and pill scripts. etc. You know cuz work get'sin the way of following Trump around the country at his rallies. 
All the while blaming problemson miniorites etc
Lol jason miller cheated on his pregnant wife with a stripper. He got the stripper pregnant. He then tried to slip her a pill that induces abortions.
“Pro-life” is another bullshit term brought to us by Frank Luntz and the GOP focus group deception machine. See also: Death tax (estate tax), climate change (global warming), the list goes on.

They are pro-forced-birth. Plain and simple. They want to pass laws that force women to gestate a fetus for 9 months and forcibly birth it against their will. How that not seen as 100000 times more barbaric than taking a pill to end a pregnancy is beyond me.
I think your comment is a little unreasonable in and of itself, don't you think? A lot of people vote republican -millions. Maybe we aren't the majority and maybe we are. I'm not sure, but regardless, do you really think millions of people want to ban contraceptives? 

I use contraceptives, and I'm married. A republican
In Texas. ...? Not a single person that I've met that's republican has ever advocated for the banning of over the counter contraceptives including birth control, condoms, and the morning after pill.

Yeah, we disagree about abortion sometimes - some of us are prolife, some want abortions with restrictions, and some are actually, very prochoice (thought to be fair I have only met 3 of those people) but we aren't all a bunch of crazy, neolithic nuts. 

We do have lot of people who dissent on Rowe v. Wade but I think the biggest argument coming from conservatives on the issues is infant rights, and even then, a LOT of Republicans are willing to compromise on the issue.

Also just to be clear, I would not support the US government taking away over the counter contraceptives, and that is intellectual honesty...
The irony of these misogynist asshats using the term "red pilled", when the red pill is actually a (rather on the nose) metaphor for estrogen... It's equal parts sad, hilarious and infuriating.
[The Republican Lawmaker Who Secretly Created Reddit's Woman-hating "Red Pill"](https://www.thedailybeast.com/the-republican-lawmaker-who-secretly-created-reddits-women-hating-red-pill)
Because she didn't buy the poison pill inserted into it.  Every GOP bill has a provision to make companies none liable for Covid in their workforce.  We all know that is code for make your workforce go back to work with no protections.
Not only that, the red pill alluded to the widely available estrogen medication at the time: premarin.
As a big The Matrix fan, it pisses me off that conservatives use the “red pill” as an “awakening” metaphor for joining the right side
Look, is that how it’s *supposed* to work? Absolutely. McConnell has made it very clearly this is happening no matter what. I know it’s a hard pill to swallow but it’s true; without the senate/WH this was happening no matter what. We’re on the same side (according to your username but not your homophobic &amp; angry PM) but the truth is we *NEED* to win next month.
Normally on demand and it doesn't look like he's popping a pill in the video. Unless this dude in his 70s is getting enough action to justify taking a daily cialis "just in case"
More like the GOP poison pill.
I haven’t had my thyroid for almost 20 years and that’s true, it’s still just a pill every day. I had to be checked every 4 weeks during pregnancy though, so that’s a little different than most people.
I hate that the term “red pill” was bastardized by conspiracy theorists lol Because this is such a take the red pill era in history
Voting is like taking the blue pill in the matrix
I know, you guys all parrot it and it is a stupid analogy that doesn't apply.  You are trying to say that Dems are abusive to you and by continuing to vote for them, you are just enabling the abuse.  This is absolute hogwash.  It's not the Democrats who put in the poison pill in the bill that is screwing up the USPS.  It's not the Dems who put up SC justices that allowed citizens united.  It's not the Dems that prevented a public option or single payer.  

Beyond that, voting third party or not voting isn't breaking up a relationship and moving in to a better one.  You are just throwing your vote away and giving a better chance for Republicans to take more control and moving away from the policy you care about.

And the Democrats don't think "oh no, I lost because Chip voted third party".  They think, oh look, I reached out a whole bunch to the left and they either said "that's not enough" or "I don't believe you".  You have just proven yourself an unreliable voter.  So instead, they are going to move to the center to go after reasonable people who will actually vote for them.

But if you look at the platform, if you read a bill...you would see most of the policies are pretty damn close to what you guys want.  But then you all parrot "but so and so voted for this bill and it had bad things".  Well guess what, that's because they don't have a super majority and have to vote based of compromise with Republicans so that some progress goes through.

That's the reality of government you guys refuse to deal with and I am sick of the nonsense.  Democrats have worked my whole life to try to make things better for you and me.  They ain't perfect, but they aren't abusers.
Irony is lost on conservatives. They appropriated the red pill scene from The Matrix without realizing that entire movie is an allegory for trans identity.
I don’t think that’s the case. I think the politicians on both sides are honest people who are trying to do what’s in the country’s best interest, and it just happens to be that democrats believe that their agenda is in the country’s best interest while republicans believe that their agenda is in the country’s best interest. It’s a rare situation when people act solely out of their own interest. When people start casting the other side of the aisle as being evil and all sorts of other exaggerated claims that’s when you know they’re either being dishonest or have completely swallowed the pill from their own side
Remember the other day when Wolf Blitzer ambushed Pelosi with a manipulative bullshit question and a bunch of desperate people believed that the Democrats should take any poison pill bill the Republicans offered? This fucker Moscow Mitch was intentionally sabotaging the bill anyway. The bill the Republicans were offering was another corporate bail out with the added addendum that big corporations be immune to lawsuits from workers over unsafe Covid conditions. That Wolf Blitzer fuck should have known that unless his understanding and retention of current events was abysmal. I think he is a disingenuous manipulative fucker and know to watch his garbage with skepticism.
You don't cut spending to relieve the debt, that's asinine, stop talking about austerity as some sort of magic pill to solve debt.

That's GOP propaganda, stop spreading misinformation.

You solve the debt by growing the economy, you grow the economy by supporting social programs because they make your citizens lives better, and allow citizens to improve their lives and financial situations.

Citizens drive a consumer economy.  When their lot in life improves, the entire economy improves, meaning more taxes are collected, meaning the debt goes down.

It's stupid simple.
Lol. 
Bolivia named after Simon Bolivar.. a commie.

Elon Musk.. the biggest red pill around.. considering that he chooses the Red Planet over fixing things here.
Don’t forget about the lawsuit against the bill in OK requiring a pregnant woman to get a signed permission from the fetus to have an abortion. The signature is then checked against the signature on the fetus’ voter registration card.

Or the case against the AL bill that makes a woman get permission from 2/3 of the town council and win best out of 5 at the chuck-a-luck table, and only then can she get a Plan B pill from a pharmacy, but must wear the state issued “tramp” sash.
This thread goes against the grain for this sub. I expect its deletion soon. This is a big pill to swallow if true. It would break the hearts of millions. Pray for the biden family and those stacks of cash.
To be fair, Arkansas hasn't been very blue since Clinton, and before Clinton it was already deeply red. If we need to make any headway, electing a Libertarian is an easier pill to swallow for Akransans than going straight blue. Don't even think about nominating a progressive right now. (though, that would be an amazing thing for other red states to witness...)
My daughter had a condition that was caught in a newborn screening. She has congenital hypothyroidism. The doctors believe she is missing her thyroid completely. (TSH was 200 at birth which is through the roof) If this had been caught later on when signs of failure to thrive would be present, it’s likely there would have been significant permanent damage to her development (mental and physical). Because of the newborn screen she was diagnosed at a few days old and started taking thyroid meds ASAP. This simple pill has changed her life. We are so incredibly thankful for newborn screening and it devastates me to think it could be taken away as a political move. It’s not surprising but horrific nonetheless.
I think that was a \*different\* Republican.  

Jason Miller.  

[https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/](https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/)
It may include the corporate liability protection poison pill. 

This could provide blanket immunity to prevent recourse against unsafe operating practices for employees, and corporations absolutely should be liable for their protection standards.
Paraphrasing using their pet names.

"Sorry ,Trophy - I took all of the Regeneron."

"Don't be stupid, Fatty....cough.....cough...Regeneron.. Cough...is a company...cough... not a pill"

No, no, in all seriousness.....i hope she gets...

nope can't do it. I don't care about these grifters anymore and I wish I could just change the damn channel
The political calculation is that passing stimulus won't help Trump that much and it'll start Biden off on the right foot if he wins. Plus, like, people are getting evicted now, people have been struggling, and we're hitting flu season. Fuck the political calculus, people need help *now* and if Pelosi can get an actual good deal out of the White House without a liability poison pill, then she should pass it. 

Also stimulus checks won't go out until after the election anyway.
I call it "Swallowing the BIG BLUE PILL", it's an ugly idea but something we have to do to get better. And when the Don the Con is out we can begin to REALLY put the pressure on Biden and the Corporate Democrats.
**Amy Coney Barrett, the Trump administration’s supreme court nominee, publicly supported an organization in 2006 that has said life begins at fertilization. It has also said that the discarding of unused or frozen embryos created in the in vitro fertilization (IVF) process ought to be criminalized, a view that is considered to be** [**extreme even within the anti-abortion movement**](https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-abortion-ivf-frozen-embryos-naperville-20191008-sw2dpa4cozey7fquf6fq4nxx3i-story.html)**.**

The statement was signed by Barrett and her husband, Jesse.

In an interview with the Guardian, Jackie Appleman, the executive director of St Joseph County Right to Life, said that **the organization’s view on life beginning at fertilization – as opposed to the implantation of an embryo or a fetus being viable – did have implications for in vitro fertilization, which usually involves the creation of multiple embryos.**

**“Whether embryos are implanted in the woman and then selectively reduced or it’s done in a petri dish and then discarded, you’re still ending a new human life at that point and we do oppose that,” Appleman said, adding that the discarding of embryos during the** [**IVF**](https://www.theguardian.com/society/ivf) **process was equal to the act of having an abortion.**

Asked whether doctors who perform abortion ought to be criminalized, she said: “We support the criminalization of the doctors who perform abortions. At this point we are not supportive of criminalizing the women. **We would be supportive of criminalizing the discarding of frozen embryos or selective reduction through the IVF process.”**

For years, mainstream anti-abortion activists have avoided including discarded embryos created in the in vitro fertilization process in their crusade to protect every embryo, in part because seeking to curtail IVF treatment would be very unpopular. In Alabama, [which has passed a near-total ban on abortion](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/may/14/abortion-bill-alabama-passes-ban-six-weeks-us-no-exemptions-vote-latest), embryos created through IVF are excepted from the law.

But the issue has gained resonance with some fringe groups who have sought to give fertilized eggs a constitutionally protected “right to life”.

**Dov Fox, author of** [**Birth Rights and Wrongs: How Medicine and Technology are Remaking Reproduction and the Law**](https://www.amazon.com/Birth-Rights-Wrongs-Technology-Reproduction/dp/0190675721)**, said that if such a movement ever succeeded it could “have the potential to prop up restrictions on fertility treatment”.**

**“For example, by banning IVF procedures that would involve freezing, destroying or donating for research any embryo a woman doesn’t implant all at once, despite the health risks associated with high-order pregnancies and the hormone drugs required to extract eggs multiple times,” he said.**

Pro-choice advocates in South Bend described St Joseph County Right to Life as “extreme”, with a history of supporting “super intimidating” protests at the one facility in South Bend that provides abortion services.

The group was established in 1972 and has said its mission is to save “children, women and men from the devastating effects of abortion and euthanasia”. While it publishes a full-page advertisement every year, to mark the passage of Roe v Wade, Barrett’s name did not appear in any other ads that the Guardian found after 2006.

On its website, Right to Life said it focuses on “outreach, advocacy, education and prayer” and said it experienced a “great victory” in 2015 when it shut down South Bend’s only abortion clinic at the time, “making our community free from an abortion clinic for the first time in decades”. Three years later, a new clinic that provides abortions via pill – up to 10 weeks – was opened following a difficult campaign by pro-choice advocates.

Right to Life has said the opening of the “new abortion business”, a clinic called the Whole Woman’s Health Alliance, had led it to a “doubling up on our efforts”. “We are closely monitoring these threats and executing fierce strategic plan to protect innocent human life at all ends of the spectrum.”

Amy Hagstrom Miller, the president and CEO of Whole Woman’s Health Alliance, said the clinic in South Bend had “direct experience” with the Right to Life group, which among other anti-choice groups has used the clinic’s name and likeness in Facebook campaigns to arrange protests.

Clinics like Whole Woman’s Health Alliance face a number of barriers to treating patients in [Indiana](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/indiana), Hagstrom Miller said, including rules that force patients who receive a non-surgical abortion to make two visits to a clinic: including for a mandatory ultrasound and counseling. The clinic sees patients only twice a week, and on those days the clinic is inundated with upwards of 70 protesters a day, she said.

[https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/oct/01/amy-coney-barrett-supported-group-fertilization](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/oct/01/amy-coney-barrett-supported-group-fertilization)
well in all actuality you are 100% wrong! Me being a recovered pill addict, knows exactly what happens when an addiction  takes control. I personally started selling, but unfortunately many people don't have the self-control or the brain capacity to push as i did, so they rob steal and sell their body.. Biden and his people are simply a threat to the American way. People should be ashamed to vote for any democrats, after making cali a sanctuary state for child molesters, taking religious artifacts down, trying to erase American history, killing unborn babies at full term, and allowing these liars lead ANYTHING except the way to the toilet, and I still wouldn't follow the twisted deviants! Everyone who considers themselves a liberal or a Democrat are sick and twisted or just flat out immoral! Go ahead defund the police,  and once their done come try to take my guns! Lmao, im trained by the government and ready to defend my rights, my family, and like minded individuals. WAKE UP AMERICA!
About “the red pill” tweet

From [interview](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/25/style/elon-musk-maureen-dowd.html?)

&gt;Mr. Musk said he did not have a political message. “No, it’s just: Accept reality as it is as opposed to what you wish it were.” Of Ivanka, he said, “I think she was interpreting it through more of a political lens than it was intended.”

&gt;“You know, I’m not sure that everything is so political,” he said. “To be totally frank, you may be interpreting this through a lens where you think everything is totally political because you’re political. But I think the general public does not see everything through a political lens. I would say the amount of thought that the general public puts into politics is quite low. They’re mostly thinking about their day and their direct relationships and their work.”

Understand this is someone who regularly makes matrix references e.g  [from 2018](https://i.imgur.com/xtk7nyF.jpg) , and arranged to make people at the office watch it because someone at the office hadn't yet.

&gt;Somehow there is someone at neuralink who hasn’t seen the matrix yet.

&gt;[Picture](https://i.imgur.com/FjUvUYk.jpg)

Even the [replies to the red pill tweet](https://i.imgur.com/nZBUwwS.png) were about the matrix memes.
I coulda told them 4 years ago trump would lead them down to this. But I guess the poison pill had already been swallowed.
Relax. While the parallels are there between Trump and Hitler, calling me a nazi sympathizer is a bit much, especially since I’ve already dropped my vote for Biden in Georgia. 

Take a pill.
Not to mention his undocumented maid and his pill addiction, all the while railing against drugs and the undocumented.
Biden at least won the nomination fair and square. It was still a bitter pill for me to see him take the nomination, but at least it wasn't the ratfuckery of Clinton getting it. And while Biden is no Sanders, I at least feel like he gives a shit about other people more than Clinton.
It seems honest enough. I am sure there is a poison pill somewhere allowing Murdoch to make the calls for Trump, and whip Republicans into a murderous rage.
No, my conclusion is based on your behaviour, which corresponds to an established incel / Red Pill / alright pattern of denigrating women and insulting our intelligence because we dare to have standards.

And I would like to see the data you are using to come to your conclusion. Preferably from a legitimate news source, not TotallyNotARussianPsyop at Blogspot dot com or PartisanMisinformation at YourRectalCavity dot ru.
Before we can fully remove our dependencies on non-renewable like coal and natural gas we need to find a way to make sure our power grid is stable even when up against swings in wind and solar availability. Batteries are one technology that is helping and is growing fast, but remains pretty expensive and takes up a lot of space. If you want nuclear, we would need at least 10 years to construct new plants. 

I work in the power industry and fully believe we need to make moves towards greener technologies, but the people we serve are largely older folks on a fixed income and if we introduce a bunch of new wind / solar generation we would have to raise our rates to cover the costs and that is a tough pill to swallow when most of who we serve are already in poverty.

So for now, we need fracking I think with research and construction through government funding to move us towards newer technologies without passing thr cost burden on to the people of America. I think we can do it if there are the right tax benefits, subsidies, and other incentives, but we will have to see what the administration does. When we are ready, fracking goes along with coal plants
I’m at a loss to what the play is here. Why would Nancy give these assholes an out a week before the election? This will either pass or get voted down by Dems bc of some liability poison pill.
Which is interesting, because the Mormon church explicitly has no legal position for or against abortion, and allows for it in four specific situations for its members (mortality risk to mother, rape, incest, mortality risk to the child).

It's interesting pointing that out both of those things and watching the gears turn. Then follow up with the comment that simply providing free and accessible birth control (condoms, the pill, copper and hormonal IUDs, and emergency / day-after contraceptives) would massively reduce any abortions outside their own four criteria and see what happens.
I think a few million people gave up and took the blue pill.
The GOP has included a poison pill. They know Democrats will never agree to eliminate worker's rights to hold employers accountable in court for irresponsibly threatening their health and lives by ignoring the Covid threat. 

Pelosi should challenge McConnell to pass a stimulus bill with Democratic senators filibustering any bill containing the poison pill.
People need to realize that russian facist leaning disinformation has been among us for at least 15 years. The Russian attacks first began in 2007 when 4channers were boosting Ron Paul in the polls. Any political operative from anonymous that benefits the Republicans is likely a foreign psyops. Any movement that can be tied to the /pol/ boards is likely a foreign op, and a whole lot can be.

From those efforts, you can trace the rise of the Tea party, Incels, red pill culture, gamergate, rise of online Twitter white supremacy, and ultimately the culmination of the internet entire Alt-Right troll army that Bannon coalesced into younger racist Trump supporters.

Seriously, I don't think most people realize just how much damage these people have done to modern online discourse.
It was an abortion pill in a smoothie, so more like a full meal, not just a drink.
But they might sell them for drugs!

True story. My ex-wife's family are largely pill heads or alcoholics. They are die hard Republicans and at least a couple of them legit sell their food stamps for 50 cent on the dollar for money to buy booze/pills. 

Somehow they earned/deserve their government assistance but always complain about those lazy Liberals working the system.
Undecided probably isn't the right term.  Many have been Republicans all their lives and it is a hard pill to swallow to turn against that, but they are.
Another point, did anyone who uses the term red pill even actually watch the movie? The red pill wasn’t a metaphor in like any means. The Red Pill is literally the thing that forced the metal worm shit out of Neo’s stomach and allowed him to disconnect from the pods the machines kept them in. Like yes he “wakes up” but it wasn’t a metaphor, it was entirely literal.
Always reverse analogy with these lot too. Like the Red Pill movement could not be more appropriately the opposite of the "red pill" if it tried.
Ah yes the classic old man is old trope, because we keep swallowing down every bitter pill they keep giving us. That's all the establishment has left, or at least wants this to be their hill to die on
I don't know. It reminds me of the "Red Pill Movement" guys, who named their misogynistic movement after a movie made by two trans women.

Life is screwy.
It's from a pill of 1050 people. 

Read the article here https://www.investors.com/news/trump-vs-biden-poll-tightens-2016-voters-ibd-tipp-presidential-poll/
Couldn’t have said it better myself. 


You pick a pill and make your bed so it’s what it is; supporting a presidential candidate and a senatorial candidate are just two completely different things.
Have you looked at the plan? It is a massive poison pill after another. The fact that they have since June said my way or the highway is more telling.
Isn’t Miller the family values conservative that impregnated his mistress and then tried to secretly lace her drink with an abortion pill? What a fuckin guy, eh!
Such a stand up guy. /s


https://www.newsweek.com/former-trump-aide-administered-abortion-pill-1134501
Obviously it's not gonna happen but when people are considering Kansas, Texas and Alaska as possible blue pickups Trump has no chance. People are still scared from 2016 and for good reason. But Biden is in probably the strongest polling situation for any presidential candidate at any point since 1992. Trump is the conservative McGovern. He's a poison pill. His only positive in 2016 was as an outsider. There is a reason Hitler never let another election happen after he barely took power. He's playing the Nazi playbook but didn't seize power. His only goal since 2016 could have been doing everything to make sure another somewhat fair election never happened again. If he was competent it might have been possible the coronavirus could have been the American Reichstag fire. Instead he just made his enemies hate him and tried to make himself rich. Money is more important to Trump than power.He fucked up his chance I think. I hope.
I’m glad our bottom feeding overlords have *GOVERNMENT PAID HEALTHCARE!* ... I wonder if they have a pill for hypocrisy?
&gt; they'll only adapt progressive ideas once there's no real need to be a torchbearer for them. They offer nothing (when it's actually needed) and want everything in return (the vote). They chose this path so why do they act surprised when it's despised some fringe elements?

Someone has to pass legislation that gets 20 million Americans health insurance even if they have preexisting conditions. Someone has to pass legislation that legalizes gay marriage, that legalizes weed. You're really really under valuing this. It's what actually changes peoples' lives.

&gt;It's always not the time.

Except, all the times it is the time and progress has been made on social issues in particular. Things were different then, but a Democrat signed the Bill of Rights, which led to the parties we see today. So much progress has been made, and you're just discounting all of it. So myopic my dude. Trump is literally trying to roll back Democratic progress on trans people in the military etc, and you're pretending there's been no progress at all.

&gt;One can see how that can be a hard pill to swallow for a more progressive minority and how that process can be frustrating. Voting really seems to not matter if Democrats will only advocate for something once the populace is already convinced of it. 

Yes it does, because you have a reactionary right win populist party trying to undo the will of the majority. So you at least have to depressingly vote to keep the status quo. Sad but true.


&gt;Doing grassroots activism seems more productive as that actually convinces people (and can push Democrats in that direction). Apparently, before you enable Democrat politicians you need to convince the whole country first or it's barely worth anything.

**Yes. 100%, make cultural change, and you will see the results in representation. You need to build the consensus on the issues to have those perspectives represented by politicians. This is how it works, this is what I'm trying to say.**

&gt;And then, when you then see Democrats moving further to the right and, for example, being wary of removing Bush and/or Trump tax cuts to the rich while approving huge military budgets then those parties can look awfully similar from a certain point of view :/

Biden is more left of 2012 Obama in my opinion and many others would make that argument. He's left of Hillary and legislatively. There isn't some permanent slide of the Democrats towards the right. But to be fair the republicans have MASSIVELY moved to the right over the last 40 years and that has to be considered as context.

&gt;In conclusion: The Democrats don't get to complain about the fatalism of US progressives about voting when it's the Democrats who cause it in the first place.

&gt;How would you feel if I were to slap you in the face and then berate you for feeling pain while at the same time describing myself as the good guy because I didn't stab you?

This is an absurd argument and not accurate. But if someone who slaps me in private is the only one saving me from the death penalty, I'm sure as fuck going to support them until I can escape that relationship. Aka, vote Dems in the general elections, and go for a new minor party in state and local elections, but coalition together vs reactionary right wing parties.
Literally my exact thoughts as I saw the headline. Then I read the whole thing, and now I need to take a blood pressure pill.
&gt; The Democrats actually try to follow the majority opinion on many progressive issues.

That sounds so much like MLK's description of the "white moderate".

https://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.html

&gt; I must make two honest confessions to you, my Christian and Jewish brothers. First, I must confess that over the past few years I have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate. I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to "order" than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says: "I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action"; who paternalistically believes he can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by a mythical concept of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait for a "more convenient season." Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will. Lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection.


I generally agree with all that you wrote but that's also why I don't understand how they can then complain about progressives not voting for them when they'll only adapt progressive ideas once there's no real need to be a torchbearer for them. They offer nothing (when it's actually needed) and want everything in return (the vote). They chose this path so why do they act surprised when it's despised some fringe elements?

They can't have it both ways. It's kinda an inverted version of the Republicans' MO where they say their policies are good for everyone when they are only good for the rich. For Republicans that Futurama quote comes to mind:

&gt; *Leela: Why are you cheering, Fry? You're not rich!

&gt; Fry: True, but someday I might be rich. And then people like me better watch their step.*

The Democrats are doing a twisted version of this and from the other direction. Instead of expecting votes by lying about policies that'd hurt their voters (R: lower taxes, cutting social services,…) they are expecting votes for policies that might happen at some undefined point in the future ( "MFA is a fairy tale", "won't happen here",…) and people should vote on that *potential* while the Democrats still enable fracking, pipelines, and police brutality. And when they get in power they go for "order" instead of "justice" (see the MLK Jr. quote). It's always not the time. 

One can see how that can be a hard pill to swallow for a more progressive minority and how that process can be frustrating. Voting really seems to not matter if Democrats will only advocate for something once the populace is already convinced of it. Doing grassroots activism seems more productive as that actually convinces people (and can push Democrats in that direction). Apparently, before you enable Democrat politicians you need to convince the whole country first or it's barely worth anything.

And then, when you then see Democrats moving further to the right and, for example, being wary of removing Bush and/or Trump tax cuts  to the rich while approving huge military budgets then those parties can look awfully similar from a certain point of view :/

In conclusion: The Democrats don't get to complain about the fatalism of US progressives about voting when it's the Democrats who cause it in the first place. 

How would you feel if I were to slap you in the face and then berate you for feeling pain while at the same time describing myself as the good guy because I didn't stab you?
Bullshit.  You haven't even read the safe to work act.  It has absolutely nothing to do with a company's duty to follow local health ordinances.  Like what? 

Some others might consider abolishing voter ID a poison pill.  Why the fuck is that in a bill that we need to keep people in their homes during a deadly pandemic?

Use your head. This is politics.  Its about making the other guy look bad.  The 1.8 would have been a great start.  The 2.2 would have held us over as well.

The reality is both sides are sacrificing american lives to gain a one up in the polls.
brainwashed dumbass, take the red pill
The main story being missed  is that the gop version has a poison pill of a business covid liability shield in it. This lets workers and the public go completely unprotected from business negligence in not providing safe workplaces or public access. A covid liability shield would cause a rise in irresponsible businesses then a rise in covid cases imho.
Which will most likely still have the poison pill corporation COVID liability waiver.

Essentially what the GOP wants is to free businesses of liability if their employees get COVID.  The issue with this is employees are left with two choices, work and risk getting a deadly virus or refuse to work and risk getting fired which means no unemployment checks.
First off you are linking an Atlantic article which has been known to write hit pieces that false information. Take the military article about suckers and losers. 

So keep reading the MSM media false narratives. Maybe one day you will finally swallow that red pill.
Uh oh - red pill #whitepower starting to kill “free eaters”
This is illogical reasoning that only makes sense from one perspective. Those across the isle have just as much rational to say that if you don't pull the lever for the Republicans, you are assisting Biden.

The reality is that most people are saying this about Biden because he is such a bitter pill to swallow, not because there's any actual merit to the argument. One day the democrats will accidentally nominate a good candidate that people actually want to vote for, regardless of the opposition candidate.
I think as a nation we're facing the stark reckoning of acting under the reality that for much of our history in practice we haven't approximated democracy. It's a bitter pill to face it so awfully in this moment, but in the moment we have no choice but to act as conditions dictate. Our *only* choice is tacit complicity in the face of open and declared fascism, or some other guy. We've hit rock bottom where anyone else is our only electoral alternative. edit: and the bar is so low that the only qualification is "not a fascist"
The vocal minority of incels follow the incredibly toxic and bigoted "Black Pill" ideology. Obviously they don't all follow it but those that do give them all a bad name.
Do you take your Fox News and OAN intravenously, or in pill form?
Poison pill the ny post push.
Bob, go take your pill. I didnt see anything in the post to say they believed all those people shouldn't be able to vote. Peace
The time for holding a President accountable is while they are in office or when they loose an election. Prosecuting after they have left is a very slippery slope and one that inevitably will come with dramatic unreconcilable compromises. 

Nixon should have been prosecuted but he was pardoned, it wasn't the moral thing to do but it was the correct thing to do for the country and that is a tough pill to swallow. 

A full 40% of the country will not see justice in a Trump Prosecution, they will see it as naked political corruption and in a country divided, adding more wood to that fire may not be the best thing for the country even if it means letting a guilty man go free. 

Division will not, cannot, be solved by more division, no matter how much we all want to see Trump get Fucked.
😂😂 why so mad bro? Don’t you know they’re all con men and thieves? How else can someone who makes $174K a year (avg Congressional salary) and end up being worth hundreds of millions. Take a red pill, you’ll be glad you did.
This combination of actual news and disinformation at Fox is very dangerous because folks will hear real news from Chris Wallace, and then swallow the disinformation pill that Tucker gives them shortly afterwards without questioning it.
Oh that's going to be good.

&gt;btw birth control is literal poison for women with terrible side effects you don't even begin to understand, for years

Could you share a brief essay in support to this? 

I'd like if possible for you to divide this in  sections 

A-oral hormonal contraception (think the pill) 
B-barrier methods (think the condom) 
C-non oral hormonal contraception (think the shot or the implant) 
D-non oral non hormonal contraception (think the coil)
E-other (think tube ligation) 

Eagerly awaiting here. About 5000 words would do. Don't forget citing your sources.
It's an awful fucking pill to swallow for anyone who didn't vote for our current shitshow. It's not quite cyanide but that doesn't make it go down any easier.
I know a lot of people - even though everything states to the contrary - believe that it is an abortion pill.
Two open letters Amy Coney Barrett signed further demonstrating her views about contraception and abortion.
 

OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA, SECRETARY SEBELIUS 
AND MEMBERS OF CONGRESS 

DON’ T CLA IM TO SPEA K FOR A LL WOMEN 

We are women who support the competing voice offered by Catholic institutions on 
matters of sex, marriage and family life. Most of us are Catholic, but some are not. We 
are Democrats, Republicans and Independents. Many, at some point in our careers, have 
worked for a Catholic institution. We are proud to have been part of the religious 
mission of that school, or hospital, or social service organization. We are proud to have 
been associated not only with the work Catholic institutions perform in the community - 
particularly for the most vulnerable — but also with the shared sense of purpose found 
among colleagues who chose their job because, in a religious institution, a job is always 
also a vocation. 

Those currently invoking “women’s health” in an attempt to shout down anyone who 
disagrees with forcing religious institutions or individuals to violate deeply held beliefs 
are more than a little mistaken, and more than a little dishonest. Even setting aside their 
simplistic equation of “costless” birth control with “equality,” note that they have never 
responded to the large body of scholarly research indicating that many forms of 
contraception have serious side effects, or that some forms act at some times to destroy 
embryos, or that government contraceptive programs inevitably change the sex, dating 
and marriage markets in ways that lead to more empty sex, more non-marital births and 
more abortions. It is women who suffer disproportionately when these things happen. 

No one speaks for all women on these issues. Those who purport to do so are simply 
attempting to deflect attention from the serious religious liberty issues currently at stake. 
Each of us. Catholic or not, is proud to stand with the Catholic Church and its rich, life- 
affirming teachings on sex, marriage and family life. We call on President Obama and 
our Representatives in Congress to allow religious institutions and individuals to continue 
to witness to their faiths in all their fullness.

Signed by(among many others) 

Professor of Law, University of Notre Dame 
Amy Barrett

https://archive.org/stream/gov.gpo.fdsys.CHRG-112hhrg73101/CHRG-112hhrg73101_djvu.txt


Beckett Fund for Religious Liberty Open Letter


“The Obama administration has offered what it has styled as an ‘accommodation’ for religious institutions in the dispute over the HHS mandate for coverage (without cost sharing) of abortion-inducing drugs, sterilization and contraception. The administration will now require that all insurance plans cover (‘cost free’) these same products and services. Once a religiously affiliated (or believing individual) employer purchases insurance (as it must, by law), the insurance company will then contact the insured employees to advise them that the terms of the policy include coverage for these objectionable things.



“This so-called ‘accommodation’ changes nothing of moral substance and fails to remove the assault on religious liberty and the rights of conscience which gave rise to the controversy. It is certainly no compromise. The reason for the original bipartisan uproar was the administration’s insistence that religious employers, be they institutions or individuals, provide insurance that covered services they regard as gravely immoral and unjust. Under the new rule, the government still coerces religious institutions and individuals to purchase insurance policies that include the very same services.



“It is no answer to respond that the religious employers are not ‘paying’ for this aspect of the insurance coverage. For one thing, it is unrealistic to suggest that insurance companies will not pass the costs of these additional services on to the purchasers. More importantly, abortion drugs, sterilizations and contraceptives are a necessary feature of the policy purchased by the religious institution or believing individual. They will only be made available to those who are insured under such policy, by virtue of the terms of the policy.

“It is morally obtuse for the administration to suggest (as it does) that this is a meaningful accommodation of religious liberty because the insurance company will be the one to inform the employee that she is entitled to the embryo-destroying ‘five-day-after pill’ pursuant to the insurance contract purchased by the religious employer. It does not matter who explains the terms of the policy purchased by the religiously affiliated or observant employer. What matters is what services the policy covers.



“The simple fact is that the Obama administration is compelling religious people and institutions who are employers to purchase a health-insurance contract that provides abortion-inducing drugs, contraception and sterilization. This is a grave violation of religious freedom and cannot stand. It is an insult to the intelligence of Catholics, Protestants, Eastern Orthodox Christians, Jews, Muslims and other people of faith and conscience to imagine that they will accept an assault on their religious liberty if only it is covered up by a cheap accounting trick.

“Finally, it bears noting that by sustaining the original narrow exemptions for churches, auxiliaries and religious orders, the administration has effectively admitted that the new policy (like the old one) amounts to a grave infringement on religious liberty. The administration still fails to understand that institutions that employ and serve others of different or no faith are still engaged in a religious mission and, as such, enjoy the protections of the First Amendment.



Signed (among others):



Amy Barrett
Professor of Law
University of Notre Dame


https://www.ncregister.com/news/cardinal-dolan-joins-protest-over-unacceptable-attack-on-religious-liberty
I haven’t seen or hear about these two open letters 

OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA, SECRETARY SEBELIUS 
AND MEMBERS OF CONGRESS 

DON’ T CLA IM TO SPEA K FOR A LL WOMEN 

We are women who support the competing voice offered by Catholic institutions on 
matters of sex, marriage and family life. Most of us are Catholic, but some are not. We 
are Democrats, Republicans and Independents. Many, at some point in our careers, have 
worked for a Catholic institution. We are proud to have been part of the religious 
mission of that school, or hospital, or social service organization. We are proud to have 
been associated not only with the work Catholic institutions perform in the community - 
particularly for the most vulnerable — but also with the shared sense of purpose found 
among colleagues who chose their job because, in a religious institution, a job is always 
also a vocation. 

Those currently invoking “women’s health” in an attempt to shout down anyone who 
disagrees with forcing religious institutions or individuals to violate deeply held beliefs 
are more than a little mistaken, and more than a little dishonest. Even setting aside their 
simplistic equation of “costless” birth control with “equality,” note that they have never 
responded to the large body of scholarly research indicating that many forms of 
contraception have serious side effects, or that some forms act at some times to destroy 
embryos, or that government contraceptive programs inevitably change the sex, dating 
and marriage markets in ways that lead to more empty sex, more non-marital births and 
more abortions. It is women who suffer disproportionately when these things happen. 

No one speaks for all women on these issues. Those who purport to do so are simply 
attempting to deflect attention from the serious religious liberty issues currently at stake. 
Each of us. Catholic or not, is proud to stand with the Catholic Church and its rich, life- 
affirming teachings on sex, marriage and family life. We call on President Obama and 
our Representatives in Congress to allow religious institutions and individuals to continue 
to witness to their faiths in all their fullness.

Signed by(among many others) 

Professor of Law, University of Notre Dame 
Amy Barrett

https://archive.org/stream/gov.gpo.fdsys.CHRG-112hhrg73101/CHRG-112hhrg73101_djvu.txt


Beckett Fund for Religious Liberty Open Letter


“The Obama administration has offered what it has styled as an ‘accommodation’ for religious institutions in the dispute over the HHS mandate for coverage (without cost sharing) of abortion-inducing drugs, sterilization and contraception. The administration will now require that all insurance plans cover (‘cost free’) these same products and services. Once a religiously affiliated (or believing individual) employer purchases insurance (as it must, by law), the insurance company will then contact the insured employees to advise them that the terms of the policy include coverage for these objectionable things.



“This so-called ‘accommodation’ changes nothing of moral substance and fails to remove the assault on religious liberty and the rights of conscience which gave rise to the controversy. It is certainly no compromise. The reason for the original bipartisan uproar was the administration’s insistence that religious employers, be they institutions or individuals, provide insurance that covered services they regard as gravely immoral and unjust. Under the new rule, the government still coerces religious institutions and individuals to purchase insurance policies that include the very same services.



“It is no answer to respond that the religious employers are not ‘paying’ for this aspect of the insurance coverage. For one thing, it is unrealistic to suggest that insurance companies will not pass the costs of these additional services on to the purchasers. More importantly, abortion drugs, sterilizations and contraceptives are a necessary feature of the policy purchased by the religious institution or believing individual. They will only be made available to those who are insured under such policy, by virtue of the terms of the policy.

“It is morally obtuse for the administration to suggest (as it does) that this is a meaningful accommodation of religious liberty because the insurance company will be the one to inform the employee that she is entitled to the embryo-destroying ‘five-day-after pill’ pursuant to the insurance contract purchased by the religious employer. It does not matter who explains the terms of the policy purchased by the religiously affiliated or observant employer. What matters is what services the policy covers.



“The simple fact is that the Obama administration is compelling religious people and institutions who are employers to purchase a health-insurance contract that provides abortion-inducing drugs, contraception and sterilization. This is a grave violation of religious freedom and cannot stand. It is an insult to the intelligence of Catholics, Protestants, Eastern Orthodox Christians, Jews, Muslims and other people of faith and conscience to imagine that they will accept an assault on their religious liberty if only it is covered up by a cheap accounting trick.

“Finally, it bears noting that by sustaining the original narrow exemptions for churches, auxiliaries and religious orders, the administration has effectively admitted that the new policy (like the old one) amounts to a grave infringement on religious liberty. The administration still fails to understand that institutions that employ and serve others of different or no faith are still engaged in a religious mission and, as such, enjoy the protections of the First Amendment.



Signed (among others):



Amy Barrett
Professor of Law
University of Notre Dame


https://www.ncregister.com/news/cardinal-dolan-joins-protest-over-unacceptable-attack-on-religious-liberty
Indelendent voting for biden in a redneck city bordering detroit. I am voting in person specifically because I am 100 percent sure we are gonna have armed qanon assholes at the poles. I cannot wait to tell them to fuck off as I walk up tonyhr pill.
They’ve given up friends, family and shared values for him. Imagine giving that up and then realizing it was all for naught? Bitter pill.
I can agree with number one but number two is handwringing nonsense. It’s taking a pill it’s not really that big a deal. Other soldiers take pills for all kinds of shit. And blanket ban on trans people ignores the fact that many of us do not transition and do not get surgery. Stereotyping us all as invalid is a big pile of crap. Also it’s not like we couldn’t be pushing the little buttons to fly drones and blow shit up, do you have any idea how many trans women are hardcore gamers? A LOT.
He's like a living embodiment of rightwing propaganda. The only reason he is obessed with not appearing homophobic is because his entire objective is to "red pill" young people into rightwing extremism and having lost the culture war on gay marriage he recognizes opening up with blatant homophobia would scare potential members away.
Men can start wars for pettier reasons. At least hormonal fluctuations can often be controlled by medication. Hubris and “mine is bigger than yours” cannot. (Well, the latter could with the blue pill, but not the point.)
Based on what?  The Dems passed the ACA despite the fact that it was a poison pill for some dems in some districts.  ACA was the biggest healthcare reform in 40 years.  Obama's first term had a extremely productive congress.

You're behaving like the goldfish public a user above pointed out.
The far right mouth piece is a pill junkie.

They don’t actually care. It’s all pearl clutching disingenuous bullshit. They don’t care about anything.
SO sorry - that's a hard pill to swallow!
Also tbh the green new deal is ...  not the best.  

There is no reason to put a housing guarantee, a jobs guarantee, and M4A in a climate change bill.  

It’s like its own poison pill.  

The Biden climate plan climate is basically the green new deal if you take out the non-climate stuff.
And here: 

“The Obama administration has offered what it has styled as an ‘accommodation’ for religious institutions in the dispute over the HHS mandate for coverage (without cost sharing) of abortion-inducing drugs, sterilization and contraception. The administration will now require that all insurance plans cover (‘cost free’) these same products and services. Once a religiously affiliated (or believing individual) employer purchases insurance (as it must, by law), the insurance company will then contact the insured employees to advise them that the terms of the policy include coverage for these objectionable things.



“This so-called ‘accommodation’ changes nothing of moral substance and fails to remove the assault on religious liberty and the rights of conscience which gave rise to the controversy. It is certainly no compromise. The reason for the original bipartisan uproar was the administration’s insistence that religious employers, be they institutions or individuals, provide insurance that covered services they regard as gravely immoral and unjust. Under the new rule, the government still coerces religious institutions and individuals to purchase insurance policies that include the very same services.



“It is no answer to respond that the religious employers are not ‘paying’ for this aspect of the insurance coverage. For one thing, it is unrealistic to suggest that insurance companies will not pass the costs of these additional services on to the purchasers. More importantly, abortion drugs, sterilizations and contraceptives are a necessary feature of the policy purchased by the religious institution or believing individual. They will only be made available to those who are insured under such policy, by virtue of the terms of the policy.

“It is morally obtuse for the administration to suggest (as it does) that this is a meaningful accommodation of religious liberty because the insurance company will be the one to inform the employee that she is entitled to the embryo-destroying ‘five-day-after pill’ pursuant to the insurance contract purchased by the religious employer. It does not matter who explains the terms of the policy purchased by the religiously affiliated or observant employer. What matters is what services the policy covers.



“The simple fact is that the Obama administration is compelling religious people and institutions who are employers to purchase a health-insurance contract that provides abortion-inducing drugs, contraception and sterilization. This is a grave violation of religious freedom and cannot stand. It is an insult to the intelligence of Catholics, Protestants, Eastern Orthodox Christians, Jews, Muslims and other people of faith and conscience to imagine that they will accept an assault on their religious liberty if only it is covered up by a cheap accounting trick.

“Finally, it bears noting that by sustaining the original narrow exemptions for churches, auxiliaries and religious orders, the administration has effectively admitted that the new policy (like the old one) amounts to a grave infringement on religious liberty. The administration still fails to understand that institutions that employ and serve others of different or no faith are still engaged in a religious mission and, as such, enjoy the protections of the First Amendment.



Signed (among others):



Amy Barrett
Professor of Law
University of Notre Dame

Source: https://www.becketlaw.org/media/unacceptable/
Biden is a VERY hard pill to swallow, keep trying.
true red pill incel rage from the dregs of the one of reddit shitholes, lmao
I can tell you get your research from the msm. he closed the boarders on the virus while democrats pushed him to keep them open. he has SAVED our foreign alliances which were practically sold out under the obama administration. there is over 400 miles of wall which mexico is helping build. countries are praising the fact we have a patriotic leader in office again that uses the power of america for the good of GOD. and mark my words, there will not be a democrat left in this nation by tomorrow night 17th. make sure to catch trumps texas rally, heard he’s picking up a new running mate... [biden will be dropping from the race soon for “health” reasons very soon aswell]      understand there has been a lot of censorship covering up “conspiracy theories”, but nothing can stop what’s coming. wwg1wga jfkjr2020 17 sent me to give you the red pill btw
That is the red pill experience right there lol
Good for you man! I'm in recovery too. In 8th grade i was put on klonopin, took 1 - 0.5mg pill a day. I was suffering from anxiety and was extremely depressed, couldn't hang out with friends or go to school without throwing up from nerves. 1 became 2 then 2 became 4 and so forth. My mom was prescribed them too in year long scripts, and i idiotically would take them when i'd run out, or take mass doses of benadryl to pass out. I would lie to docs and say one benzo or medication wasn't working, and by 10th grade i had gone through scripts of klonopin, xanax, temazepam, ativan, xanax xr, ambien, concerta, ritalin, adderall and eventually ended up being prescribed xanax as needed for the day time and ghb at night to sleep. I smoked pot through everything also had a narcolepsy diagnosis (which even after getting sober turned out i actually had) which made the effects of drugs easy to explain as i was always passing out and slurring my words etc. The first time i met my ex gfs mom i was so nervous i took took a bunch of xanax and then as i was walking out the door took a bunch of g. I ended up overdosing and the ambulance was called. I woke up on a stretcher with tubes in my arm confused as hell. I remember my dad sobbing, begging (Please don't leave me son, please don't leave me). That thought still brings me to tears to this day. I was taken to the hospital and since ghb leaves the system super fast and isn't typically tested for, and since i had a script for xanax, i was able to pass the incident off as hitting my head at a concert a week before, or narcolepsy. I continued with my stupid antics even after coming so close to death, like an idiot. My friends stopped keeping in touch, and i got more depressed. Eventually i ran out of drugs and went into major withdrawals for the first time. I thought i was dying and ended up telling my parents i was abusing meds and addicted. It was the best thing i ever did. I went to a wilderness program which really helped, and wasn't prescribed any addictive meds anymore. I still fell back into addiction, buying whatever i could off the street, but several withdrawals later and 2 detox facilities i've finally had over a year sober. I'm glad i never fucked up my life in any major way, and i got clean earlier then alot of people (i'm 21 now). I have a great family and a wonderful gf. I still struggle with depression and anxiety, but i'm in a much better place now then i was using. Sounds like you have one hell of a struggle, i respect the fuck out of you. You sound like a great father and i wish you the absolute best in life! Keep on pushin 1 day at a time man!
I am sorry to say this to you, but in this election, you have your voice and the opportunity to stand against fascism.

If you choose to not do so, there is a very good shot that you are going to hurt yourself and your community more than you will ever know. 

For a large percentage of us anti-fascists, we unfortunately have the privilege of choosing whether we continue to stand opposed to fascism if we lose this battle. Most of us will be accepted back into the society we have rejected. 

I personally recognize that as a black man, you do not have that privilege and that voting for Biden is a bigger pill to swallow than it is for us white antifascists. I apologize for that.

As allies, how do we best help protect the black community against the repercussions if fascism wins this election?
When I was 15, my mom had back surgery. They gave her 60x 80mg oxycontin. She took one &amp; it made her sick. My dad just refilled it with other meds when 30 days passed (blood pressure, antidepressants). When I turned sixteen, probably 3 months later, I saw a report on the news about kids getting high on meds in their parents medicine cabinet (specifically mentioning OxyContin). Lo &amp; behold, I checked out the cabinet &amp; there were 119x 80mg OxyContin.

The 1st pill I took, I hung out with my best friend to this day (he never used opiates) &amp; told him what I took &amp; that I wanted to feel like "this" for the rest of my life.

Chased it every day after (while completing two college degrees, working full time, &amp; rasing a child once he was born) until I was 26 years old. Never sober for more than a few weeks at a time. Eventually recognized I would die doing that &amp; did not want my son to grow up without a father (my son was born when I was 22). Went to a doctor &amp; was on Subutex until I was almost 32 years old.

When my Mom passed (from Alzheimers), she left me a little bit of money. I decided to do a 10 day detox in a rehab facility. My son's mother is amazing &amp; kept him for another month while I lay sick on my couch at home (we are very transparent with him &amp; just told him I was in rehab the entire time; we were honest about the addiction, but he was young &amp; we thought it would be difficult to explain that "Dad is home but laying on the floor detoxing from opioid addiction" [he has two good homes if that was not clear]). It was a nightmare. It took me nearly a year off Subutex to begin to feel normal.

I will be 36 in November &amp; thus have been sober from opioids for four years. My best friend stood by me &amp; supported me through all of it. He was a kid too &amp; did not know how to handle a friend dealing with addiction. Really, he did a tremendous job as a friend. My son's mother is an extremely supportive co-parent &amp; a great mother.

I should have never stolen pills from my parent's medicine cabinet. That was a terrible thing to do, even if they weren't going to be used. That was awful of me. I did many things I regret &amp; am not proud of.

I am one of the fortunate ones. I had friends &amp; family to support &amp; love me. I got lucky. It may be a miracle that I did not die of an overdose; I certainly pushed it a few times. My son's mother apparently woke me up with cold water twice when she says I was not breathing. I am simply fortunate, in many ways.

I made terrible &amp; selfish choices. However, I was struggling with addiction (not an excuse, but simply the facts). It took a lot of learning &amp; maturing for me to be where I am today. I am proud of the person I am today. Proud of the friend, son, father, &amp; co-parent that I turned out to be.

Putting addicts in prison is not the answer. They need love, support, &amp; treatment.

I made a lot of mistakes but recognized my mistakes &amp; made changes. I appreciate Joe Biden recognizing his mistakes &amp; also making changes.

We all face struggles &amp; make mistakes. Love to all.
Here's a tough pill to swallow: it won't be if we all just go home on January 20 and fall back to sleep for 4 years, happy and content with having elected a Democrat and removing Trump. Progressive politics is a constant fight, and we have to continue to be proactive not just with voting in midterms and local elections but in voicing support for and demanding progressive policies from Congress and the White House.
This.

Hurt my back when I was 16 during hockey, doctors ignored me for 7 years. Someone finally listens when I'm 23, and my L4-S1 was damaged beyond repair. Pain management now for 9 years, never failed a drug test or pill count. 

I'll make this abundantly clear for everyone - **LEGALLY PRESCRIBED OPIATES ARE THE ONLY THING THAT GIVE ME A SOMEWHAT NORMAL LIFE, ALONG FOR MILLIONS OF OTHERS WHO USE THEM DAILY.**
I hear you loud and clear on this one. Your story is so much like mine; I'm a college graduate, have always been steadily employed and considered myself a 'functional' addict for almost 10 years until I got my first DUI (first arrest, first time ever being in trouble) at 31 years old. Happened to have 20 15 mg oxy on me at the time; I'm lucky that my state had changed their posession laws and was only charged with a misdemeanor whereas 3 years prior each pill could have carried a felony charge. 

I ended up fucking up my diversion and the judge threw the book at me and I spent 4 months in jail. As someone who had never been in any kind of trouble, that was a rude awakening and brought my rock bottom up real quick. Detoxing cold turkey in jail was a nightmare. What really struck me was that 90% of the women I was in there with were in because of either addiction or mental illness; both of which were obviously not treated or addressed in there. It's crazy how many of the stories I heard sounded exactly like yours and mine, people who became addicted after either being overprescribed opiate pain medication for a legitimate reason and then suddenly cut off; forcing them to seek pills on the street and when that became too expensive, switching to H. 

Good to hear you got yourself clean; MAT has been a lifesaver especially during COVID times. So many recovering addicts struggling with too much free time and inadequate support.
I wish that this implies to Military service as well. Brand new private hanging with the "Cool" soldiers.  21 at the time and fast forward 2 weeks i confess to taking half a pill of ecstasy because me being so honest and self shamed.  I did great going through the rehabilitation process and did my 60 days of extra duty but got administratively separated.  Worst part of it all is that i am now barred for service(RE4) because of a stupid mistake and a confession.  Im 25 now and that's has been my biggest regret in life.
I'm mad the aca didn't make healthcare any more affordable.  They just got their profit increases other ways. They'll say tomorrow a pill that costs 20 dollars costs 600 dollars. There is nobody to appeal to. It's just both parties allowing the middle class to be robbed and the poor to stay poor.  I don't go to the hospital at all because the last time I did it cost 50000 dollars and they didn't tell me what was wrong.  I would probably die if I come down with something that requires much treatment.
Here....I got Trump's answer!

"Listen......clap....I have the best ideas of how to win and you'll win two! I mean two is the lonliest number after all and I think winning matters. My pill numbers are grate and you can count on me to make the 1950s great again! Women voting? Why! Segregation? The great thing will be hanging with your own species! So stop the war on Christmas!"
The more I think about him as a candidate, the more I understand why he was chosen over Bernie, Pete, Kamala etc. 


He is an absolute blank canvas, centrist,  white bread, bland, average person.


He is the antithesis of Trump. So much easier to vote for him vs anyone who you think is too liberal or too left. Biden is definitely not an extremist. He is the easy pill to swallow to remove Trump. There aren’t fiery speeches to use against him. He’s more in the vein of Jimmy Carter being a faithful public servant than many other candidates in recent history. 


Let no one misconstrue my message...I am 100% Riden’ with Biden (or any Democrat running against Trump) and I was since Nov 2016. 


I despise everything that POS has done to our governing bodies, courts, international relations, and general standing about...waves hand encompassing everything...


But I understand how useful Biden is right now. He is the type of guy your lifelong R grandma could maybe vote for because she heard Trump wants to cut SS and Medicare. She might also come from a military family and takes deep offense to the president’s “suckers and losers” comment. 


I admit I’m not super exited for Biden personally, I’m exited for a return to normalcy in diplomatic relations and only hearing presidential news maybe once a week. 


I’m really tired of Banana Split, Monkey Swirl, Rainbow Sherbet, Rocky Road, Blueberry, and Maple swirled together in the same bowl  being shotgunned at us every day. 


I’m begging for vanilla.
I’ve been a chronic pain patient for 11 years. Opiates are the only thing that allow me to be able to sit in a chair for longer than five minutes. I have to randomly pee in a cup and have random pill counts every month just to be sure I’m not abusing them or selling them. Bad people have made it hard for me. 😞
The Red Pill on suicide watch
This is honestly a big plus for me. Not only do I want a president that can say they messed up on something significant and want to fix it, but this particular thing was a bitter pill for me.
Change some other things if possible.  How about mandatory retirement at 80(idk pick a number). Or 20-30 year terms.  One day they're gonna discovering a pill for immortality and we get stuck with 1000 year old Justices.  Or how about why Roberts gets to be Chief.  Why not rotate it or President gets to choose.
Hard-left harpies and nutless liberal men are going to be really shocked and dismayed by the results of this election. Biden is getting his ass kicked big time. I fear self-immolation and other self-harm may come to many. Take a chill pill. The Barrett hearings have revealed what an incredibly short bench the DNC really has. Harris, Klobuchar and Booker were all done a long time ago. A man with dementia is all they had. Biden is a way weaker candidate than Hillary. She lost too.
That interview with Wolf Blitzer was a trap Pelosi fell into. She focused on how disingenuous he was in phrasing his question instead of pointing out that the Republicans has crafted a poison pill bill to trap Democrats by protecting big businesses from workers attempting to sue them for unsafe Covid working conditions. The Democrats need to stay strong and not trade the future of our working class for a payday loan. This is a perfect historical example of hostile negations, don’t fall for it. They will only agree to help us if we sign away all our legal rights to giant corporations? Please pay attention.
If McConnell said he'd pass that without the poison pill off releasing companies from liability, I'm sure Pelosi would be all over that.
Oh MAN! How would this wrap up as a political drama series? 

A new dispute arises in Ghislaine Maxwell’s trial as her attorneys fight to exclude discovery of evidence. Minor news, until a source leaks to NY Times — an alleged connection to Trump. The White House brushes the story off, but that night the president is rushed to Walter Reid. 

Cut back to Trump watching TV news, alone in his bedroom, pressing his cell phone to his ear. Two Diet Coke cans are on the coffee table in front of him, one empty and on its side. A voice comes through the phone, even but weary:  “Don, if you have any doubt as to whether Jeff would have confided in her... [pause, inhales] I’m sure they can get ahead of it. But they have to know.” Trump sputters and as he answers, camera cuts to show the TV; audio of Trump’s answer fades behind a news anchor saying “—new sanctions by the EU over the August poisoning of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny, prompting a swift and angry response from the Kremlin. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said there was no logic to the decision and the sanctions had...” [audio fades, ambient noise of the room as the camera cuts back to Trump sitting on the corner of his bed. He is listening to the the remarks of the unknown man, too quiet for us to hear. Suddenly Trump aggressively gestures one arm as emphasis; he’s confident, downplaying] “Andre, Andre— it’s the same as what I said this morning. It’s nothing, it’s fake.” [pause; his face falls some and his tone is less confident, gently pleading] “I have done everything right. I did it all, perfectly, everything I’ve been asked to do, all of it.” He stutters and then tucks his head, deflated as he listens to the other man. Trump breaks in, his face is screwed up in desperation: “Listen to me, this is nothing, all just more lying— you know they’re always out to get me, you know it’s—“.

Trump slams the phone onto the bed beside him, and Trump spits out a “Fuck!” as he gets up and starts pacing. The camera shows a close up of his phone lying face down on the bed; the shot lingers and a high pitched feedback noise fading up.  

Screen black, high pitched feedback noise continues with the sound of mildly distorted panting. Jump cut to a top down view of a bathroom sink with Trump’s hands gripping the sides, then camera pans up to the mirror. Trump’s reflected face is flushed, and his eyes are wild. He angrily knocks a few items off the sink pedestal and we hear him stumble from the bathroom back into his bedroom. 

The camera catches up as he passes his bed, lingering again on the phone face down on the corner. A close shot then from his neck up, as he tips a Diet Coke can to his lips, tilted high so he can get the last drop. An exasperated sigh; it’s empty. Cut to Trump, hands in a mini fridge looking for something he wants but isn’t finding. A brief pause before he brings something out of the fridge. Camera shows it’s a glass bottle of Diet Coke. Trump looks speculatively at the bottle and the screw top lid, then suddenly put his hand to his chest as if it hurts. He gets up, unscrews the bottle lid, and places the open beverage on the counter above the fridge. Camera cuts to a closer shot of the Diet Coke bottle and we hear Trump breathing raspily, moving around the room.

Cut to shot of a shallow drawer as it’s flung open, revealing reading glasses, a folded newspaper and ear plugs amid the rattle and clutter of prescription pill containers and blister packs of cold medicine. Trump’s hand grabs a pill container. Wide shot as Trump coughs and clumsily opens the container. Close shot of the Diet Coke as he grabs it, then back to wide as he tips it to his lips and gulps down a pill. A beat as Trump coughs again and takes a labored breath. He wipes sweat from his upper lip, then sits heavily onto his bed.

Fade in from black on high-heeled feet padding along a deep green rug. Shot follows a woman from behind as she enters a meeting room in the White House, revealing two men leaning in a corner murmuring, two women seated looking at the same laptop screen and a man looking anxiously over their shoulders. The woman who just entered (an intern) begins placing coffees on the table. With a prickly tone, one of the men from the corner says thank you, and the intern leaves, closing the door. 

One man in the corner approaches the conference table, looks at the women on the other side and angrily raises his hands in question. “The public won’t question a heart attack. It’s enough of a story as it is. Why are we still having this conversation?” Cut to one of the women in front of the laptop; Jennifer Williams, Mike Pence’s aid on European and Russian Affairs. Jennifer’s face is stony. 

“The Democrats will want to undermine voters’ enthusiasm for Mike as acting President. This is not just a story about Trump’s heart exploding under the pressure of Epstein bullshit, they’re going to switch to attacking Mike. This is unprecedented, being thrown into an election with mere days to go.” 

Camera pans to the other woman; Senior Counselor Hope Hicks offers solemnly: “There are already journalists dissecting Dr. Conley’s statements about the President’s breathing. Most pundits think it’s COVID, but one person has already tweeted a joke about Novichok. That’s going to be interesting to them.” 

The camera pans up to the man behind them. Steven Miller is still, with his hand on his chin, and continues to watch and listen as the others bicker. He breaks in, “Ladies. Call OAN, have them cue up the ‘King of Israel’ clips, and... some story on how Mike will carry that torch on.”

Camera cuts to the women. Jennifer’s face in a grimace, she exclaims, “That Wayne Allyn Root shit?”

“Yes, Hope.” Miller looks pleased. “Yes, Trump the man is dead. So we’ll have to raise him into an icon... is the second coming of Jesus, of Reagan, and of the New Republican Party.” Camera cuts to montage of news channels, inaudible, with chyrons showing “Pence heralds new Republican Party,” “Carrying On Trump’s Legacy,” “Pence: Trump’s Disciple?”

“...and Michael Pence is John the Evangelist.”
While Federal rights to abortion will be gone, some states allow abortion, with Kansas Stat Supreme Court allowing abortions in Kansas. Most states that will not allow it, have laws that make it hard to get abortions.

The most likely thing will happen in the underground distribution of the 2 pill abortion method.
What if you hide the pill in a piece of cheese?

Oh wait, I'm sorry. We're talking about how to trick the US President into not taking healthcare away from tens of millions of people, not how to get a dog to take a pill. Easy to confuse the two.
I call him Pill Cosby
I think it's a bit of a disservice to think the two notions are the same.

In an interracial marriage, where we assume a male and female, the 'traditional' form of marriage is kept, if only at that level.

In gay marriage, there is (if we take the pill), the idea of "incompatibility".

I note the distinction because I don't think either one holds any merit in regards to an otherwise legally binding contract between individuals (and to an extent, between those individuals and the State).

By conflating the two, we ostensibly nullify both if we nullify one (in our own minds and votes).

Only when we realize the issue is of two (or more) people seeking to enter into a legally binding contract, can we ever dismiss these notions of "it ain't right there in the one way, so it can't be it right in the other'n".

If marriage is to be sanctioned by the government, it shouldn't matter which two or more humans are seeking to make themselves miserable, but that there they go, they wanna do it all the same.
Do not underestimate the uniquely human ability of wishing something to be real to be more powerful than accepting reality.

It became obvious very quickly that Trump isn't very good as a President or as a person. Sometimes, reality is a painful and bitter pill to swallow. Being proven wrong is also very painful, especially when that proof is constantly updated. So what does a person do? They cling to the fantasy that's much more comforting. No, Trump isn't an obvious buffoon with extremely questionable ethics and reasoning skills, he's actually a demon-slaying superman who's going to stop the most horrendous crimes imaginable.

To step out of one's comfort and confront a reality that contradicts that ideological comfort... This is a painful process.
Take a chill pill bro. Your posts will be taken more seriously if you don't come across as a raving lunatic. Tariffs are taxes because they are taxing an actual good or service. Same with sales taxes, income taxes, property taxes, etc. The individual mandate is a penalty because it penalizes the failure to take a specific action. That's not how taxes work. The only constitutional means by which congress can penalize inactivity is through the commerce power or the spending power, not the taxing power. 

Furthermore, Roberts declared that the mandate was NOT a tax for purposes of the Anti-Injunction Act (which allowed the suit to proceed so the Court could declare the law constitutional), but it conveniently was a tax where necessary to uphold the law. How's that for judicial activism?
I bet he's gonna ramrod a lameduck bill as a going away present, and it's gonna have a poison pill in it dated 2022 and 2024 so that Democrats look like assholes trying to "block" it.
I can't stress enough how wrong this is.

The $2.2 Trillion plan from the house is a fair compromise and nothing in that bill should be a poison pill for anyone.

The GOP knows it will help stimulate the economy AND help regular old Americans in other ways. They are opposed to it because they know the Democrats will win, and they are looking forward to chastising them for spending too much after they do.
There have been rumors and anecdotes surrounding his sexual identity for years. I don't know if he's ever commented on them, but DC escorts certainly have.


TBH, it doesn't really matter. He doesn't exactly go out of his way to appeal to LGBTQ voters, and "don't ask, don't tell" is basically the Republican Party's social platform now that active opposition to gay rights has become a poison pill. Republicans won't care what he does so long as he sticks to the party line and his private life remains private.
I’m not even mad at them, this is a gift! 
You decided... during the middle of an election, with polls open, to hand democrats a 4 day “get out the vote all day commercial”.  

Bold strategy cotton, let’s see how it plays out!

Those who care about healthcare pre-existing conditions, women’s choice rights, gay marriage, civil rights, and privacy, well, you just fired them up and made sure they would vote.   

You have your white no college degree white men(I’m one of those) majority, and that’s it... you won this group by 70% in 2016,  you lost 20% (I didn’t vote for him last time, I just didn’t vote, I damn sure did this time, an hour after the polls opened in Texas) 

You’ve lost literally every other group completely.   

Now maybe some of your voters just didn’t show up this time, and that hurts, or maybe this four day commercial caused them to realize “omg! I have a pre-existing condition”.  And they decided they better swallow that pill and pull the blue lever...

Regardless. I promise you the democrats are not going to hold a 4 days “we want to repeal the 2nd amendment vote” commercial during election time, even if they had the votes the to do it.” 

And the best part,  and I love this.   Thank you senator whitehouse,

For reminding them that they are setting the precedent today,  might makes right!  If you have the votes you can do what you want, regardless of what you said in the past, precedent, or morality.  



So confirm your justice, take your victory lap.  We can fix all this on Jan 21st while you go back to crying about government spending and running over the “minority party” and “lack of partisanship”. 

Enjoy your moment.
I'm picturing a bear hiding behind a bush near a trailer, with a pill bottle and hunting rifle in hand, sporting a deerstalker hat. In the style of a Gary Larson comic.
Republicans have refused to approve a bill that does not include immunity to employers whose employees get sick after reopening. Democrats have refused to approve a bill that **does** include that. 

Your "compromise bill" isn't just aid. Legal immunity is a poison pill both sides cannot agree on.
Dude. I think you need to take a chill pill. I’m on your side. Reread the title again and then look at what I said.
Do you realize that none of this is disputed by Biden, and it implicates Biden as guilty with 1000x more evidence of what Trump was "impeached" over!? Do you realize how insanely hypocritical this makes Twitter and Facebook following all of the Russiagate, Trump taxes, and troves of other fake news? They locked the NY Post's Twitter account! What if they locked the NY Times account after the illegally obtained $750 taxes Trump nothingburger? Who's the real cult? I think you need to take a long and hard look in the mirror, cause if this doesn't red pill you nothing will.
I was raped, on the pill, and still got pregnant.

I had a abortion, paid for it myself. 

My body, my right, no matter the situation
What people don't understand about the debate on abortion is this.

The left arguing for woman's rights. (Making abortion illegal is an infringement on woman's rights, and an attack on the concept of equality). 

The right is arguing for human rights. (Making abortion legal is making murder legal, and an attack on human morals)

The debate itself is essential on whether it is morally wrong to perform an abortion. Anyone agrees that killing a living person is wrong. But each person has a different idea of when someone becomes a living person (or when human life has value, so as to imply ending their life is morally wrong.

On the left, people believe killing a baby should not be allowed at a date closer to the delivery date of the baby. With the extreme being an abortion at birth being okay

On the right people believe killing a baby should not be allowed at a date closer to conception. With banning even the plan B pill being the extreme.

In my opinion we need to find some sort of compromise. Rather than this binary battle of  winner takes all (of which there will never be a winner)

As a side note, these are some points used during the abortion debate that are rather silly, since they don't regard to the actual issue of when is it okay to kill an unborn baby

On the left, things such as, Woman's rights, unwanted pregnancies, my child will have a bad life! rape etc. Since none of these have anything to do with the value of life itself. And many of these issues have other solutions.

On the right, But my book says it's BAD. Since not everyone agrees with your books and "I was gonna be aborted, but wasn't! See I'm glad I'm alive!
Who would win: the god that created the universe, or one little pill boy?
I honestly don't know how they've kept it up for four years. Maybe it's the little *blue* pill for a reason.
None of this surprising,  there has been a consistent, catholic/Christian plan to return America to pre contraception since the Pill hit the market. Back to there idea of perfection.  Women bare foot and pregnant and men in control of everything, especially the $$$
 She won't stand up for her beliefs. I don't think she's doing God's work. She's watering it down so not to offend. That's not good in God's eyes.  This offends Jesus, her only hope. Unless she really doesn't believe in Jesus. 

I'm a Christian and I am voting Biden/Harris. I get that abortion isn't great for everyone. But I just don't see how anyone group can say what everyone has to abide?  Christians will say but your killing a life. Well that life has nothing to do with you. The woman makes decision has nothing to do with you. The only one to defend the embryo is the carrier. It's not up to Christians to defend said embryo. 

For myself, I couldn't have an abortion but I would not stop someone else from doing so.  I have been through it with other young women. It's not great, but the alternative would be much worse, unwanted baby. I was unwanted and I'm sure if my mother could have had the morning after pill she would have used it. She was already grieving the loss of one of her twins at 18 mos. She had 4 kids, one dead, to get pregnant with me in 1956. None of us have had a very good outcome.
Does Mitch’s $500 billion plan also include the liability shield? That’s the real poison pill that democrats should be decrying.
The poison pill is that there’s an election coming up in 3 weeks and Pelosi can’t hand them a political win until after the election.

If she were a Republican playing politics with hungry people losing their homes, we’d be here calling her a monster.
I’m pro-life and conservative.
I absolutely believe free condoms, IUDs, the pill, and even plan B should be a thing.  Free and easy access.  I am from a religious (Catholic) community and I’ve never had anyone disagree with that idea.  I feel those who are against contraceptives are a dying breed, or belong to a very strict religion.  So I would just like to suggest that we can find something to agree on.
Yes. That's the poison pill.

Because the second that is passed all protections for employees are gone.

All distancing in the work place. All required masks. Work from home rotations.

All of it becomes optional, because if an employee gets sick? That's their issue. Not the company.
I’m not actually sure what the play is here. What’s the poison pill? The corporate legal protections and civil court limitations?
I have a feeling it’s the vaccination effect. You don’t see whole families dying of the measles anymore (I’m using the US as an example) or wards of kids in iron lungs, so people simply have no idea what it was like before vaccinations. People have no idea what the world is like with no contraception. 

  I wish there was a virtual reality simulation for this. We have reports and footage of Romania during decree 770, but I wonder if the misinformation machine is in overdrive over things like that.  So many women and babies died, or babies were abandoned in orphanages to starve and literally bang their heads on their cribs. 
   I googled a bit and in 2015-2017, 64% of women ages 15-49 used birth control. Some of it was sterilization and condom use, so I used the iud and pill stats. I did some napkin math and iud and the pill cover 10,000,000 women. 
  Let’s say half of these women were denied birth control and half got pregnant. That’s two and a half million more babies in the USA alone, if they all got pregnant in a year or so. 
   If there’s someone out there willing to correct me that’s great I’m no scholar. But 2.5 million more babies in a short window of time, if you decide to ditch the pill and iuds?  Good luck with that.

  Edit: our birth rate is quite low right now due to economic and environmental distress. I know a stable population is better, but it won’t change until changes are made.
I'm in the same boat.  I've been on the pill since I was 16.  I didn't have sex for the first time until I was 18.  
Without birth control I could have no period for up to 6 months and then suddenly bleed profusely for three weeks.  
\[Gross alert\]  There was a time where I wasn't able to take my pill for almost a month (insurance/new doc issues) and I hemorrhaged so much I thought I was having a miscarriage, even though I had sex only twice that year and used two forms of birth control.  I can't wait to go back to that life /s
Bloody hell are we going back in history? am I taking the crazy pill?   
How are people like this be allowed to exist and be in high power seats?  

Does the US want to go decades back? Does it want to be Iran? To be controlled by extremists and crazy religious people? WTF?
the farther right you go, the bigger the blue pill gets
She didn’t refuse, she can’t comment on topics that have ongoing related litigation. Moreover birth control and same sex marriage won’t ever come before the Supreme Court again, so feel free to be unstunned and take a chill pill.
Thank you for saying this. I once tried going off the pill; day to day life quickly became unbearable physically, mentally, and emotionally. My (30F) hormones are naturally so fully out of whack without the pill to regulate them regardless of pregnancy prevention. I’ll give one example that people with chronic pain will understand. With hormone regulation I get migraines around that time of the month, but when I was off the pill the migraines were more frequent, more debilitating, and lasted longer.
Same sex marriage although stupid that she disagrees with it I can understand why from her point of view but birth control? Really??? Why is that even an issue to her? It's a literal pill that gives women power over their own body yet she is somehow against it?
This would severely damage the mental health of thousands of women, if she took away all birth control. I take oral contraceptives to regulate my mood during my menstrual cycle. Before taking the pill, every month before my period, I would experience severe depression, often with suicidal thoughts. Thanks to the pill I’m on, I don’t want to kill myself every month.
The same people are the ones that don't take the pill (men) or need the pill (older women). Either way, its people that shouldn't have much of a word about someone else's reproductive system.
Natural family planning: This was commonly practiced during the time of the prophet Muhammad, and he did not universally object to it. Spouses need to be sensitive to each other’s needs for fulfillment, however, and practice this method only if both agree.

Barrier methods (condoms, diaphragms, etc.):These are designed to prevent conception, and are therefore accepted by most Muslim scholars.

Hormonal and other methods (pill, patch, IUD, etc.): These work through a combination of preventing fertilization and interfering with implantation. Most scholars frown upon such methods except under medical supervision—particularly if those methods may cause harm to the woman using them.

Surgery (vasectomy, tubal ligation, hysterectomy): Islam forbids a couple from choosing to be permanently child-free through the use of surgeries that are irreversible, unless for medical reasons.

Had you actually read the article you would have noticed that birth-control and vasectomies are infact not allowed in islam.
tbf, hormonal birth control can do wild things to women’s bodies and it’s an issue that doesn’t really get discussed enough. i’ve had different partners develop uterine blood clots, ovarian cysts, and experience wild fluctuations in what would otherwise be normal hormone levels. whether it’s an IUD, the pill, or even the old novoring... there’s no perfect solution.
Or take the proper precautions and birth control practices.  Last time I checked theirs only one way to get pregnant hell theres even a morning after pill.
Me too! As well as my husband! We’ve come to realize the faults of our upbringing by very conservative family members. I voted all democrat in 2018 and all democrat that I could this election. It was my husband’s first time voting all democrat. We hate seeing what the Republican Party and Fox News has done to our families. Of course when life kicked us on our ass and the hospital bills came rolling in and I had to pay $2000 to be told I lost my baby early with just and ultrasound in and ER and one pain pill I lost all faith in the system. I’ve flipped on a lot of view points the last 7 years. It’s so exhausting explaining this to family now. They think we’ve become atheists. We aren’t. Just incredibly repulsed by Evangelicals. They do not for one moment seem to represent what Christ was like. I also understand the separation of church and state now as well as what it means to be pro-choice. I’d never get an abortion personally but that doesn’t mean I get to make that choice for another woman. Gay marriage doesn’t illegitimize my heterosexual marriage.
I would die without birth control. I’ve been on the pill for 17 years, more than half my life. I will be damned if I ever go back to having my uterus possessed by the devil once a month. The cramps! &gt;_&lt;
I know someone who was told by her doctor to take a birth control pill for something other than birth control. Would that be banned too?
I can’t believe this woman is going to be a supreme court justice for the next 40 plus years, most likely for the rest of my life. I can’t fathom the damage she is going to do and I can’t believe 40-50% of this country agrees with this batshit nonsense. Wtf is wrong with those people? Why the fuck you want to take away my birth control? That’s shits preventing pregnancy, I don’t agree that its gods will for me to get pregnant every fucking year because gilead republicans decided I can’t have the pill anymore.
If their only/actual goal was preventing abortions, not only would there have been a male birth control pill developed decades ago, there would be bowls of them right next to the breath mints in every mens room across the country.
Ban birth control, an lots of women like me will experience a severe hit to their mental health.  The pill keeps my otherwise unchained hormones in line.  This terrifies me
I went through premature menopause at 17. Without the estrogen/progesterone birth control pill I would have brittle bone disease by the time I was 30 and a much higher risk of cancer. And even if someone taking BC doesnt need it for medical reason they should be allowed to have the bodily autonomy to prevent pregnancy if they so choose. The fact that this is even an argument for some people makes me mad as hell.
Endometriosis control. I need it to keep the endo from migrating into my bowels and other organs. There are limited options to treat it and my particular pill is one of the better ways, unfortunately.
Contraception meaning the pill/condom/IUD etc. Anything to prevent pregnancy. What moral problems arise with not trying to get pregnant?
Several religious sects believe using birth control is wrong because the only purpose of sex should be to produce a child. Which is also their logic for criminalizing gay relationships.

They don’t direct a lot of vitriol toward condom use. But there are still plenty of religious Americans who would love for women to not have access to the pill, despite the fact that it’s massively beneficial in reducing poverty and regulating several conditions, from acne to endometriosis. It’s simply the abuse of women in order to satisfy antiquated religious beliefs.
Pro tip: the Satanic Church has made an abortion ritual, so abortions will be protected under the religious freedom act.  Also, methotrexate is the non-surgical medical abortion pill. Find someone with psoriatic arthritis and buy their methotrexate.
They won't. You're right. And the actual bitter pill is that the Democrat party voters will be in 3 camps.

Angry and unable to do anything because they are poor and not office holders.


Apologists who will spend every last second defending and justifying the democrats sitting on their fucking hands. Making sure actual changes are just kicked down the road, again. 


The people who *still* want to reach across the aisle and continue to appease the facist party like they are channeling the spirit of Chamberlain.
She’s a pill popping 134 year old career politician. No.
Condoms is the birth control men use. So it isn’t illegal. The pill has been illegal. It’s also the method that gives the woman 100% choice on contraception, instead of needing male consent for safe sex.


Fifty years ago, on June 7, 1965, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a landmark ruling on contraception, which would have a profound affect on women’s lives. The birth control pill had come to the market in 1960, but in much of the U.S., it was illegal to advertise contraception. Connecticut law even criminalized the use of contraception altogether. So, when Estelle Griswold, then executive director of the Planned Parenthood League of Connecticut, and Dr. C. Lee Buxton, then chair of the Department of Obstetrics at Yale University’s medical school, opened a birth control clinic, they were prosecuted — and the two appealed, all the way to the Supreme Court.

The more you know. Feel free to remove your “lol”s
Well, all of these cases use similar reasoning, and lead down the slope to Abortion Rights, Gay Marriage. If banning the BC pill is unconstitutional, than how is an abortion pill taken a few weeks later any different? Conservatives are suddenly a fan of states rights, except when it comes to the 2nd Ammendment or the power of a Republican president.
A ton of them are incel/“red pill”/NEET losers who are easily radicalized. Steve Bannon specifically targeted MMOs to spread alt-right because of the concentration of them is high, same as with 4chan. 

It’s the same shit ISIS does: target vulnerable young males who have nothing going for them and are sexually frustrated.  Promise them power and/or women, give them an enemy to blame for their shortcomings, etc..

Then the other lot I see (on social media anyways) are stay-at-home parents, bored grandparents, etc. who take the bait and then use conspiracies as a way to feel smarter than those who aren’t “woke”.   The amount of 50+ year old, innocent looking grandmas I see spouting weird Q sentence fragments on Twitter is mind blowing.
Can someone fill me in 

&gt; refuses to say she would keep birth control and same-sex marriage legal

Does America have a different definition of birth control? Are there people that want to make the pill and condoms illegal?

I thought that maybe they're referring to abortion, but why not day abortion?
Doesn't matter.  Welcome back to the bad old days when women could only get the pill if they were married and their husband gave the doctor permission.
You kind of make the case for legalizing any criminal activity because people will do it anyway, so let’s just allow it. Why is adoption not an option? There are literally waiting lists of years for couples to adopt and give a child a loving home. 

I’m definitely against abortion but not against a morning after pill, which should be easy to get at a pharmacy and used literally the morning after to prevent unwanted pregnancy. This seems like such a sad hill to die on for liberals. Viable infants being killed is not women’s reproductive health. It’s murder and anyone who claims otherwise has no soul. 

Who are we to judge others? Gee we judge all the time. We judge murderers, rapists, pedophiles and other sick criminals at every opportunity. Any so called doctor who terminates an infants life especially late term has violated his oath to do no harm and should be fully stripped of all ability to practice medicine and prosecuted.
Sure.

\============================================================

I work hard for my money.

I look at my paycheck every month and I see a fair chunk coming out for taxes. I've got bills to pay and this shit ain't helping.

Sometimes I need to go to the doctor. Fuck me it's expensive.

Then someone comes along and tells me 'we're gonna raise taxes so that everyone can have healthcare.' And I go, excuse me what the fuck? I already pay taxes! I work hard! How am I supposed to pay more taxes and afford healthcare? More taxes is probably gonna be more expensive than now! 

And then I get more angry when I think about how this means *my* money will be going to support people who are *lazy* and don't work hard like me, and it seems like total fucking bullshit that I should have to give even more money away in taxes to support people who don't work hard like I do. It's just gonna make them want handouts instead of getting a job. I need that money for myself and my family.

It hurts to spend most of my waking hours working only to see a portion of that given away to someone who works less.

\============================================================

I understand where the opposition comes from. Most people don't have much extra money kicking around. They spend most of their waking hours at work. Seeing it evaporate like that to go to 'moochers' is a kick in the gut. You've gotta protect you and yours first. Hell, I remember getting my first job and seeing how much taxes took out. I also remember my dad being certain I was about to spontaneously transform into a republican.

A lot of the positive effects wouldn't even be seen for years since there's a significant phase-in period in any sane plan (starting with oldest first). So it's a hard pill to swallow.

That and people are generally far more resistant to a rise in taxes than they are to an insurance bill since insurance gives you the illusion of choice. Giving money to insurance feels like you're picking, while taxes feels like it's being taken.
Want a xanax? Sure pal. One xanax coming right up. Please refer to the attached bill and pay today, thank you.

1 pill - $1499.95
Opening of pill box and ejecting pill from seal - $49,50
Xl pack maga caps - 149,95
Registration fee, returning costumer special discount 124,99 - 2,50 discount
I've had a facebook person that over the last two years I've seen swallow this QAnon pill and really sad how deep into the whole she has gone.  Husband/Boyfriend left her with young child, she is empowered by more QAnon supporters as sane people leave her orbit.  I was just watching from afar and made rare comment and instant ban and glad she and her very toxic view point is out of my life.  Issue of course is fellow QAnon enable her with their similar view so it must be a horrible cycle to be part of.
And not all women who are on birth control are on it because they're having sex. Health conditions like endometriosis or other menstruation-realted disorders cause women incredibly painful menstrual cycles, whether the women are sexually active or not. Being on a form of birth control helps make those cycles more tolerable, so the women can actually function in their daily lives. I'm speaking from experience, as I've known a handful in f women with such health issues who would be completely screwed if they couldn't have access to specific medications. Where is god there, huh? If your precious lord didn't want women being on the pill, why give some of them extra pain and suffering? Fuck religion.
If men needed access to abortion, it would be free on demand. Pills for safe, early abortion would have been developed 100 years ago and be free in every grocery store  and pharmacy. The abortion pill would be advertised on television. Medical abortions would be free and available at every doctor's office and on a walk in basis at urgent care facilities.
Thank you for this thorough response. It's a tough pill to swallow considering the minute someone throws that word as an insult at you, they reveal themselves as racist and their perception of you. And if it's your work superior, how can you not be affected in your work, your mental well being, and your workplace interactions? How can I, as a black person, work for someone who called me that? Why must I be the one to have to give up my job for my supervisors racism? It really is unfortunate that doesn't reach a legal threshold for a hostile work environment.
Ignoring that the exact poison pill to prevent crossing state lines, was quite literally added because the GOP said they wouldn't even allow it to reach the floor without it.
In my opinion, the greatest disservice our approach has given us, is an unrealistic expectation (some would say lie) that a vaccine is “right around the corner”. At every step, underplaying the long, difficult, deadly path we are on, has been a product of the idea that a magic pill or snake oil will make all this go away. 

I agree this only ends when a vaccine is safely developed and is widely available; however until that time, mitigation and control of spread is just common sense. If people knew from the beginning that a true resolution was 2-3 years away(which it very well may be) their behavior would have been different than them thinking that they just have to make it to August and they will be saved. 

You don’t need to be a cheerleader or to keep spirits up. Tell the truth. No sugar coating, no upbeat optimism. Just the truth, so people can make informed decisions.
Trump is the guy at the nursing home that wants every pill one at a time,  but spills the little cup.

He also grabs the CNAs by the pussy.
I was on a ten day taper off pack, and I was so productive during that period. On day 9 I took a pill at breakfast and a pill at lunch, and by evening I was starting to feel the effects of burning a ton of energy all week that the steroids made me think I had, but I didn't really have. I decided to use my last pil Saturday morning to get as many errands and chores done as possible, and by Saturday evening I was so exhausted I just wanted to cry myself to sleep.
I think we are splitting hairs. Regardless of the model or the percentage-chance, the point is by virtually every measure, her odds of winning were greater than her odds of losing. Whether you’re a pill-taker or bookmaker, everyone knows that even the longest shot has a *chance* at winning. The odds tell you whether it’s probable or not.
&gt; I cannot in good conscience support someone who wants to legalize it carte blanche

Can you name any candidate who wants to "legalize it carte blanche"? Can you give a precise definition to what exactly that is? Because I have never seen a single candidate outside the Simpsons say that everybody should get abortions. Every single one expressed an interest in minimizing abortions, the route taken is what varies - democratic candidates tend to pursue such through strong correlative factors like education, stabilizing the economy and proving opportunity for upward mobility, and access to medical care (which typically does not mean abortion). [Colorado, for instance](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/).

On the other hand, the republican party's lip service to abortion prevention is shown to be a talking point only with their staunch refusal to make contraceptives easier to access, or doctors who would provide counseling to young people who make the majority of abortion-seekers in the country.

&gt;If there were a candidate who was going to focus on sound liberal economic policies and leave the moral debates to the congressmen, I'd be first in line to vote for them

Those have been the democratic party for decades. Abortion is a manufactured wedge issue whipped up by the republican party to act as a distraction from their [deregulate and pillage policies](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/deregulation-and-the-fina_b_82639), and you can be sure of that because not just their executive candidates (who can only enforce legislature's laws) but also their legislators leave abortion untouched until election season and have yet to propose any effective plan anywhere in the country to address the root causes of high abortion rates.
Ttumps tweets sometimes read like a big dick pill ad. They're almost always just as misleading as those ads as well.
&gt; Pelosi has failed to articulate how the stimulus will leave me worse off in the long term. Full stop.$0 is not better than $1,200, unless you can clearly point to a clause like corporate immunity or something else.What she chose to do instead is infuriating to me.

There's a poison pill in what the trump white house is offering and that is a line in the bill where it clearly protects corporations from liability if their employees fall sick due to the pandemic.
In your wife’s case this was done for her health.  Sometimes the placenta does not detach properly and therefore she can get a serious infection or have massive bleeding that could hurt her or prevent future successful pregnancies.

Many abortions now are early term and you take a pill.  Later is an in-clinic procedure: https://www.plannedparenthood.org/files/9614/1747/7252/Early_AB_Options_E_12.13.pdf

These are some stats on recent abortion numbers.  Honestly the number of women having abortions seems quite low?  I mean it’s their bodies anyway so I don’t want to throw out my opinion, so here they are in case you were curious: https://www.cdc.gov/reproductivehealth/data_stats/abortion.htm
And [pill mills](https://www.npr.org/2015/05/19/404184355/how-heroin-made-its-way-from-rural-mexico-to-small-town-america)

EDIT - not clear in the article, but Dr. Proctor set up shop in South Shore KY
“Bafflement, denial, or (less commonly) claiming that Trump taking the drug is a ‘red pill’ designed to raise awareness about how fetal stem cells are used in research. QAnon followers who opt for denial often point out that the treatment doesn't contain fetal stem cells, and therefore don't understand the distinction between a stem cell treatment and a treatment developed using stem cells.”


Oh, for fucks sake.... these people. 🤦🏻‍♂️
&gt; So, that breaks down to Embryonic Stem Cell research is fine to fund and reap medical benefits from as long as the fetus was aborted 40 years ago or so and is on ice.    

It's not ideal, but as a nation, and even as a world, making progress from stem cell research is a good thing. In the last 10-20 years America and other first world countries have made leaps and bounds in making better decisions reguarding peoples well being and lifestyle. (legalizing marajuana, gay marriage, etc.)   

If there is already embryos that can be used for stem cell research then they might as well be used, but as a nation, we really need to learn that abortions are disgusting and need to be phased out. There is just no excuse for getting an abortion when it's so easy to prevent if you don't want one. The only excuse is if the womans life is in danger, which currently counts for less than 2% of all abortions.     

&gt; It's only immoral to fund embryonic stem cell research on newer fetuses, BUT ONLY because PP may capitalize on it and talk weak-minded pregnant women into getting abortions they wouldn't otherwise get because there's a chance they can sell their aborted fetuses whereas now they are forced to dispose of them as medical waste... and THIS is rational, ethical plan?    

Believe it or not, stem cell research could still be done on aborted babies that were aborted because the woman's life was in danger. Sure, they might not get the ~600,000 that they do per year, but they would still get enough to do their precious research.      

&gt; and THIS is rational, ethical plan?    
   
I'll repeat, there is NO EXCUSE to get an abortion after 20 weeks unless the womans life is in imminent danger. NONE.   

In order to get to that stage the woman has to   

1. Have unprotected sex. (which is fine, her choice.)  
2. Not be on birth control 
3. Not take the morning after pill  
4. Miss her period and realize she is pregnant (maximum 4-5 weeks pregnant at this stage.)   
5. Pass the 12 week stage and still not get an abortion.
6. Wait another ~8+ weeks
7. suddenly realize she doesn't want the baby so she terminates it.   

At any stage she could get an abortion and it would be far better as the fetus hasn't developed much at all. After 20 weeks it's literally progressed enough to have a heartbeat, arms and legs, it's a god damn unborn baby at this stage.     

https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/WwpASTLLyEEUjepTCfy7XQ-320-80.jpg
&gt;Great opportunity to red pill people.

I guess that's the end of the story, they'll wake up in their bed tomorrow and believe whatever they want to. Trump is benefiting from dead babies and it's alright.
Depending on how the Barrett confirmation process go, he may have to swallow the sour pill and do it anyway. 

I will, however, agree that this was probably the correct answer, even if as a progressive I'd prefer more direct action on this front.
&gt; So it sounds like your argument is that you don't support abortion, but acknowledge that it currently IS legal. And since it IS legal, there's no moral or ethical obligation to using that biological material for beneficial scientific and medical research.

&gt;You realize that's an argument that you have to sell the Pro-Life contingency on, not the Pro-Choice, right?   

Close, but no.   

I understand it's legal, but I don't think it should be unless the woman's life is in danger due to comlications. I also don't think that PP should be government funded, and I don't think they should make money from selling fetal tissue or any other part of the aborted fetus/baby. Making money on that kind of thing is motivation enough for them to run it like a for-profit business and coax women into getting an abortion.    

Women are very emotional and easy to manipulate when pregnant, they aren't stupid, but it can be easy to talk them into making a bad decision they might regret due to how easy it is to get an abortion. If they didn't get an abortion in the first 12-20 weeks, why should they get one later on? What has changed? PP makes money from abortions from selling dead babies organs, the further along the pregnany the more money they make. It's a disgusting business model.    

The option should be there if the womans life is in danger, and the operation should be carried out by hospitals. PP should not exist at all apart from giving out preventative measures like condoms and birth control.    

A high percentage of abortions are due to lifestyle choices, it would be much better for everyone involved if Americans were more proactive about preventing a pregnancy, rather than getting pregnant, and then aborting it when they realize their lifestyle would change too much if they had a baby. I am not against the morning after pill, or early term abortions, I am only agaisnt abortions that are done very late in the pregnancy.    

There is no excuse at all for a late term abortion due to lifestyle choices.
Pill doctor says what?
Well, if I had to tell you the "Poison pill" it would be the fact that they spent an entire month hashing out the details of a completely different bill, then McConnel tossed this one at Democrats and said take it or leave it, completely ignoring the month of debate over the other bill.

He offered a bill that would effectively try piss on a wildfire. It would doalmost nothing to solve the problem, despite having the right idea, and regardless you'd come out burned.

To put it into perspective. The Democrat proposal was 2.2 Trillion. The White House put a cap of 1.5 Trillion. Senate discourse was closing in on a deal around 1.9-2 Trillion. McConnel overruled everything, and said "500 billion".
what exactly is the poison pill in mcconnell's slimmed down $500B proposal?

&gt; The bill would provide an $300 per week for expanded unemployment insurance benefits. Congress established a benefit providing an additional $600 per week as part of the CARES Act which passed in March, but that provision expired at the end of July. The bill also includes $257 billion for a second round of the Paycheck Protection Program, which aims to help small businesses, liability protection, and $105 billion for schools. Liability protection in particular has been a priority for McConnell.

&gt;&gt;While it takes four justices to approve a petition, the court doesn’t publish the vote totals and it declined to hear the case without comment. 

From https://thehill.com/regulation/court-battles/520811-supreme-court-declines-to-hear-south-carolina-attempt-to-block

From this other article:

Which I don't fully understand, since I was reading that they rejected the Plan B pill case last week 6-2. (from [this article](https://www.npr.org/2020/10/08/921921889/supreme-court-refuses-to-block-lower-court-order-on-abortion-pills)).   There must be different versions of declining to hear a case.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.vice.com/en/article/4ayk5p/qanon-fans-try-to-explain-why-trump-took-a-drug-developed-with-fetal-tissue) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; &amp;quot;I&amp;#039;ve seen three responses from QAnon followers to the story about how the drug was developed with fetal stem cells,&amp;quot; says Travis View, a conspiracy theory researcher and one of the hosts of the podcast QAnon Anonymous.

&gt; &amp;quot;Bafflement, denial, or claiming that Trump taking the drug is a &amp;#039;red pill&amp;#039; designed to raise awareness about how fetal stem cells are used in research. QAnon followers who opt for denial often point out that the treatment doesn&amp;#039;t contain fetal stem cells, and therefore don&amp;#039;t understand the distinction between a stem cell treatment and a treatment developed using stem cells."

&gt; Larry Cook, a prominent anti-vaccine personality who&amp;#039;s recently become a seeming QAnon convert, addressed the controversy in the sunniest possible manner, writing, &amp;quot;I see there is some concern about the drug Regeneron that Trump is promising to make free for those who need it. I want to remind you that Trump ALSO said that&amp;quot;other&amp;quot; drugs will be made available.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/jal6h1/qanon_fans_try_to_explain_why_trump_took_a_drug/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~531413 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **Trump**^#1 **fetal**^#2 **drug**^#3 **cell**^#4 **tissue**^#5
Just need to win elections. There is no reason at all that dems can't control House, Senate and Presidency for the next 20 years and win back the court the old fashion way. Obviously it's a tough pill to swallow, but elections have consequences, when the country elected Donald Trump they knew the courts were on the line. Not saying what republicans did wasn't shady as fuck, it was, but the only remedy is to remove them from power.
Its not happening Doped-Up Don. Just swallow the pill, like you've likely done with all of your other supplementary steroids you were given to fight COVID.
Rush the pill head.
Overturning roe just puts abortion in the hands of the states.  Most of whom wouldn't get rid of it becsuse they are used to it.  

Bible belt and deep southern states would completely get rid of it but people would travel to get an abortion or take an abortion pill.  The ONLY people who would suffer would be the poor who cannot travel and cannot afford care.  As usual.
The whole country is about to swallow the little BLUE pill.
Just in time to help Trump and the GOP push their political poison pill on America.  How convenient.
This is a lot of time and energy put into trying to red pill people.
That would actually be a brilliant play. They all join the Republican party, then they vote to install Pelosi as the new Republican speaker of the house. All of the Democrats would have to do is claim that they saw the light and took the red pill, so to speak.
The should be a pill for stupid. Can't fix stupid. No pill could make me vote Republican in this election. I belive in America not bullshiter Trump who is 100% un-American
We need a concerted campaign to get him removed from majority/minority leader. Even if dems manage to gain control of the senate - those of us left under a republican senator need to start deluging them with calls to remove the turtle.

I hope mcgrath wins, but I know the odds aren’t good. I also hope my state kicks Cornyn to the curb, but I’m not going to hold my breath. I plan on making myself a pill about it after the election.
Conservatives think its a "red pill"
Uh oh. Buddy, did you choose the red pill?
Guess you never heard of a pill mill huh.
And Trump's first try at attacks against Biden sounded like he was talking about Bernie and prepared for that &amp; just hoped he could smear Biden the same way. It didn't work and Biden is doing well amongst the oldest generations even compared to Hillary. Sexism probably plays a role there but Biden is a much easier pill for those centrist-moderate-conservatives to swallow than Bernie would've been. 

Also tbh honest Bernie always comes across as angry and not very likable to people who don't understand the value of his policy proposals and vote on likability. 

I honestly think Bernie can be more effective not being president if the Dems can take the White House and the Senate. And he's being a great team player. Without a star like Obama was the team approach with so many talented people seems like the greatest strength of the Democratic party. The Repubs only have Trump and the rest just lick his boots as he jumps from one position and scandal to the next.
Being immune does NOT mean you're not spreading it. 

You can be immune and resistant to the virus, and still be a super spreader, spraying it all over the place as you bellow, talk, and breathe. 

Further, a pill that magically makes people immune... ya right! If that exists, then it means they have created a cure--and that would make headlines all over the world.
&gt;&gt; Hormonal contraception is to some abortion in itself.
&gt;
&gt;This is not a scientific viewpoint. 

That's a weird thing to say, but I agree that for the common definitions of abortion the pill isn't an abortifacient. Nevertheless the argument is made sometimes.

&gt;&gt; Contraception might increase risky sexual behaviour and the number of unwanted pregnancies. If 6 of 100 people have some form of condom failure, resulting in 6 unwanted pregnancies that are aborted - this is just to illustrate, it's not a statistically rigorous claim - but without condoms 95 people wouldn't have had sex in the first place you've now increased the abortion rate.
&gt;
&gt;Carrying a fetus to term is far more risky than the stats claimed here. 

I don't understand that sentence. The claim is that without widely available contraceptives there wouldn't be a foetus in the first place because people would be abstinent (more).

&gt;You are just making the same circular argument which is not based on scientific evidence. "Wrongness" should be something a woman chooses for her own body.

Sure, but that doesn't make contraception relevant to the abortion debate.
If ‘it’ is in the womb and is still early enough to be aborted safely, then it’s not a fucking person. It’s a fetus. Most abortions here in the U.S. are performed early and safely, often using just a pill. Abortion will always happen, no matter what the laws are or if it hurts your feelings. Legally or not it exists. It always has, and a quick Google search of coat hanger abortion will prove so. Would you rather have that, or do you not actually care about women’s health and only the health of a baby that’s in the womb?

LET. IT. GO 

Turn away and SLAM that door!


If you are ACTUALLY so concerned about the welfare of children then consider ADOPTING one. Adopt two! five! 

If you can’t, then FOSTER! Foster two! five! 

At the VERY LEAST, stop acting like some horrible crime is being committed. Do you eat bacon? That’s unnecessary pig murder! If we want human rights, pigs need rights too! How can humans have rights and not pigs? 

That’s how pedantic your argument sounds.

Now please, sign out of social media and quit telling women how to live their fucking lives already. 👏
&gt; He'll keep taking them.

Doubt it. It's not like Trump just has a bottle of a hundred of these on his bedside table to pop whenever he feels like it. 

While his doctors have had no problem being part of his propaganda machine, we have no reason to believe that they aren't trying to give him the best care possible. If he demands more after his treatment is done they'll just tell him that they ran out. Or if that fails, give him a sugar pill.
1. And 2. Well, if you are a dude, yeah condoms are easy to procure. Super excited to see some other methods for males to get more options for managing family planning in the future.  If you are a female, and want to use protection in the form of a pill, intrauterine device, or some other dosing mechanism, it can get expensive. This can be costly for low income people without insurance. PP can bridge that gap. 

3. A lot of people said and did racist things, but we still benefit from some of their ideas and really don’t have the need to associate with them anymore. Take Henry Ford, for example. He was a fierce anti-Semite but we don’t think about that when we buy a vehicle. Not a perfect analogy, but I think PP does far more good than harm. And Margaret Sanger enabled women to gain their independence from unwanted pregnancy with the introduction of the pill. Certainly a very, very problematic figure. 

4. As far as the disproportion between races and abortion, some of it could be cultural. And, non-white women might be getting pregnant at a higher rate than white women (thus the need for more abortions). 

Also, are these populations that have a higher abortion rate than whites declining? I don’t think so. The fact is, is that whites are on the decline and non-white populations are on the [rise](https://www.brookings.edu/research/new-census-data-shows-the-nation-is-diversifying-even-faster-than-predicted/). So, Sanger’s nefarious plot has been dismantled. What I find strange, is why white supremacists aren’t more on board with abortions. But that’s a different story.
A couple of questions on this... (I am pro-choice for the record, just want more info on Planned Parenthood since it seems to always be a hot topic).

1. As a male, it has always been explained to me that birth control is pretty simple to get.  What is the difference on getting it from PP?
1. As someone who has had to get the morning after pill before, you can get this at any pharmacy, as it is over the counter.  What does having PP help with in this situation besides acting in lieu of a pharmacy? Is it free there?
1. Do you think that Planned Parenthood is helping further our inner city communities even though the founder of the org(Margaret Sanger) is on record for saying some[ pretty racist stuff?](https://www.nyu.edu/projects/sanger/webedition/app/documents/show.php?sangerDoc=306638.xml)
1. What do you think causes the [disproportionate difference between races and abortion?](https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2020/07/23/racism-eugenics-margaret-sanger-deserves-no-honors-column/5480192002/) It is honestly sad to me to see the total #s of abortions considering how easy condoms were for me to get in college (free in the student union/health clinics) and overall how the cost of condoms DWARFS the cost of a real child.
PP provides a ton of services surrounding sexual health and family planning for people of all incomes. If they were more accessible, then people could always get free or low cost birth control. Not just condoms, but all types of pills, devices and injections. In fact abortion is only 3% of what PP does. They overwhelmingly supply other health saving services as well as pre-natal care. 

Now, unwanted pregnancies do occur, but with PP everywhere, you could get the morning after pill immediately, or get a very quick early termination on a pregnancy. A fetus is under the size of a small avocado at the fourth month (the size of a grape at 6 weeks) and his no pain receptors until the 22nd week and beyond. 

I think most people would be 100% pro-choice if they knew the abortions would be fewer and done in the first trimester. The only reason we can’t manage this is because some states have only one clinic! and other onerous restrictions that keep them from being able to have the procedure done in a timely manner. Women don’t want to wait on something like this, believe me. 

And for people who don’t want their tax dollars to go for this, well, then you better pony up for pre and post natal health care for mom and baby, food stamps, and all the other things that some folks on Medicaid need to get by.

Edit: abortions will happen whether planned parenthood is there or not. They will just move underground and become unsafe for everyone involved. So you aren’t decreasing abortions by making them illegal, just making them more unsafe.
I'd literally be dead! I had a missed miscarriage at around 12 weeks, tried the pill to get Baby to let go... If I didn't have the option for a D and C I'd likely be dead, and I'd definitely not have my third kiddo. ABORTION SAVES LIVES.
The woman decides she wants to terminate the pregnancy. She “draws the line.” The doctor agrees to perform the procedure. How many times do pro-choice advocates need to say “It’s between a woman and her doctor”?

Pretending that there are ANY women that actually choose to undergo abortions THAT late in pregnancy for frivolous reasons is asinine. We’re talking about an extremely serious medical procedure that is often not covered by insurance. They aren’t taking a pill.
Late trimester abortions are due to fetus being not viable or harm to the mother which is a tragic decision.  

Early ones are a pill but life decisions are not made lightly by most people.
&gt;Abortion may be abhorrent....


In the first trimester it really isn't and people need to stop courting conservative rhetoric by describing abortion as "abhorrent".  You describe it as a medical procedure, why it's better to make a decision early on, why it makes sense to fund birth control, and how women have exigency to their bodies because we're the US, not Saudi Arabia.  Hell, they've manipulated language to the point where Christian fundamentalists were describing the morning after pill as "an abortion pill".  Look at CO if you want to decrease abortions by funding birth control.
That is just tragic. Having gone though this process with a beautiful baby born just a few months back, the battery of tests into months 4 and 5 were scary hurdles with very potentially very scary outcomes. This of course runs the whole course of pregnancy and has shown me how much of a farce that it is to ban abortions beyond week 6 in many states. These are very difficult and often very tragic situations that mothers are going through. An abortion isn’t a flippant choice Because you couldn’t bother taking “the pill” or using a condom.
People are praising this, why? It's so wishy washy and vague and I have no idea what his position actually is. I'm pretty damn pro choice, I'm also totally fine with third trimester abortions if there's new additional health risks to the mother discovered or the child is discovered to have disabilities that'd make their life bad. I'm fine with young girls being able to get the pill, plan b, or abortions without parental supervision.

But what does Buttigieg want? I can give clear and concise descriptions of my position, why can't a politician with a supposedly excellent response? Does he like the current law, at least in his state? Or does he think it should be actually changed so it's left up to women? And what does leaving it up to women actually mean? No limit to when an individual can choose to get one? Even if there are no complications? Or that only women law makers should be involved in deciding abortion laws? I want answers but he dodges everything ffs, that's not a good answer.

&gt; "These hypotheticals are set up to provoke a strong emotional reaction," Buttigieg said.

So? They can still be answered, here, this would have sold me on Butti:

"If there is nee additional risk to the mother discovered or the child is predicted to have notable disabilities that would significantly reduce their quality of life, yes, in those cases third trimester abortions should be legally permittable in my view"

Much less grey area.

And if he wants to pretend he has no business to say that, fine, I disagree, just because abortion effects women more doesn't mean only their opinion matters, I'm not a minority, and I'm not a business owner, but despite that I am allowed, and in fact it is my duty, to continue to support the laws that prevent business owners from discriminating against people based on race. It's supposed to be a democracy, why this obsession of saying it's not my business when it clearly is, especially as a politician.
First off, I am not making a case against statehood here.  


The current Navajo Nation territory has about 175K people; the least populous state, Wyoming, has \~575K. Guam is close behind the Nation, with 165K, and has also been promoted for statehood. Both of these states would get two senators via our current system; I don't know how anybody would promote the idea of adding this state if we don't get rid of the electoral college; obviously Republicans aren't going to support it (they wouldn't anyway, I'm sure), but it's a tough pill for Democrats to swallow if they want to argue that small states have too much political power relative to their population.  


I think if we remove the electoral college, that would open up the door to much more interesting proposals like this.
I hate the the GOP rhetoric machine with the heat of a thousand suns.  But, what they have been super effective at is removing all complexity an nuance for their base.  They have it boiled down to "abortion=bad". That's it.  There's nothing else.

The GOP talking points and propaganda machine have made this and other issues an easy pill to swallow.  Gun control=bad.  Gays=bad.  Healthcare for all=Bad.  At no point  do they offer suggestions for improvement.  They just point across the aisle and tell their follower, "There lies the enemy."
I mean, after all, we trust men to draw the line for their use of the little blue pill, right? And honestly, government shouldn’t be used as a religious vehicle. It should be to represent WE the people. CHURCHES can do what they want to “protect their girls, women and unborn children” without taking away all women’s rights to see medical care according to their personal needs. If churches and religions hate abortion then they should be setting up billboards guiding women to their churches that provide services to support them. How many of these have you seen?  Like a REAL church solution instead of judgment and control on a political level?  If churches really cared about this, they would care less about government control of a woman’s reproductive rights and more about supporting the women and children of their churches to prevent whatever they think they need to prevent.
Many observers worry that the politicization of hearings, especially post-Kavanaugh, will discourage otherwise qualified, apolitical judges who want to avoid the spotlight and scrutiny.

Miguel Estrada is one of the more tragic examples. Estrada faced fierce opposition during his confirmation battle and eventually withdrew. Leaked documents show that Democrats were concerned about him reaching the Supreme Court, where it would be politically difficult to oppose a Mexican American. During the confirmation battle, Estrada's wife miscarried. She died of alcohol and sleeping pill poisoning a year later. During Kagan's confirmation hearings, she said Estrada should have been appointed to the DC Circuit, and was eminently qualified to serve on the  Supreme Court as well. Estrada's personal tragedy and the political fallout helped encourage the Gang of 14 compromise, a temporary respite to the politicization of judicial confirmations.
I am so torn on this whole situation. I still believe Garland (and hundreds of other judges) should have been appointed. The president should be able to appoint judges if they are in office. But on the other hand, if Democrats just let republicans get away with cheating they will never stop winning and accumulating more illegitimate power. And of course ACB is a hard pill to swallow for such a controversial scenario.
Its not the people its the Doctors , Hospitals and big Pharma,they need to change....Not me. You ever pay 300 bucks for one pill ?
See a hospital for an hour and get an invoice for 3500 bucks?

Hey man,they need to change
He’s right, they need to make it a poison pill and not let anybody forget about it in 2022. 

Im almost certain that she will end up getting in but doing so will galvanize enough people to gain a majority in 2020 and then maybe a super majority in 2022. Then all bets are off. Joe still has 2 more years and constitutional amendments are on the table.
Gorsuch is to conservative ideology what Garland is to liberal ideology. He was a smart choice to alleviate the rat fuckery McConnell pulled with the 2016 SCOTUS nominee, not a super bitter pill to swallow, despite the reason he got to be appointed. Didn’t cost a ton of political capital. Kavanaugh’s appointment was contentious, but the opening wasn’t (arguably should have been, given Kennedy’s shady meetings). ACB’s appointment and the opening are enraging, due to 2016 context, her lack of qualifications AND the rushed confirmation timeline AND the stakes (a rushed SCOTUS confirmation by a president in an election year who has signaled that he will contest the election Leviton in the SCOTUS?!?!), but by this point McConnell has clearly decided that taking the SCOTUS is bigger than the holding the Senate.
Absolutely. My childbirth was all in all around 3,000. That’s mild compared to some numbers I’ve heard from others. Childbirth can cost 10s of thousands depending on insurance. They required me to pay $500 of that before my due date (which didn’t happen because of induction.) Every little thing is charged, including an asprin pill.
Wow! Ironically parking was free for me. I also had a headache talking the insurance company into paying for my mandatory ultrasound while still pregnant. That bill was a couple hundred. I left with my bill and my son’s bill. I had a medication I was on the last few weeks of being pregnant due to a surprise condition (also had a boat load of surprise ultrasounds and tests after that which all cost) and every time I took it during my stay (long induction) I had to remind them that I brought my own with me so they wouldn’t charge per pill. That medication alone cost about $100 for the 2 weeks I needed it.
well yes actually. He gave his dog the same pill has he took. Reports say its death effected him more than most of his inner circles deaths. 

Its a well known thing.
Each time the change the plan it sucks for people on prescriptions.  Myself: generic birth control pills.  Every time the plan changed it meant a different pill. My body never behaved the same from one brand to the next.
&gt; more liberal Democrats are unwilling to swallow the pill that Joe Biden admittedly is

How exactly is Trump the liberal choice?
Mam8524, I do believe there's a pill or injection that you've missed. Please take your prescribed medication and join the rest of us in the shared reality. We're eager to hear what the fuck the message above is suppose to mean.
&gt;Sadly, we’re way less united than Republicans are in supporting our candidate.

CITATION NEEDED.

&gt;A lot of us more liberal Democrats are unwilling to swallow the pill that Joe Biden admittedly is.

Nope. A tiny, insignificant number of children will throw away their vote on a selfish, meaningless protest, while the vast majority of adults choose the president for them. As this article shows, Biden actually has pretty damn solid support.

Good luck cracking 1% of the vote throwing your voice away for Howie or whatever meaningless write-in. You'll have more impact wiping your ass with your ballot; at least that will make someone's day worse.
Not every Democrat’s gonna vote for Joe. Sadly, we’re way less united than Republicans are in supporting our candidate. 

A lot of us more liberal Democrats are unwilling to swallow the pill that Joe Biden admittedly is. But literally EVERY Republican that’s still voting Republican is gonna vote for Trump.
i can understand why you would say that, establishment politics is so frustrating when it seems the average person is locked out of a seat at the table while people who are so far removed from normal life play with our livelihoods to deepen their own wealth.

I have been a Bernie supporter twice now, and it’s a bitter pill indeed to see my political issues being set aside for a more “electable” candidate by the democrats, but Donald Trump is flat out crazy, and his malignant narcissism is literally killing people, even people in his inner circle, he doesn’t care at all about their wellbeing. 

Please consider simply voting against him by voting for Biden, he’s not my dream candidate but I do think it’s more important to get rid of Trump than to hold out for the ideal person, this is unprecedented.
I recognize this pattern, it starts very early - pre school even. Learning how to learn efficiently is a life long quest where failure often gets put down to a 'poor memory' instead of applied conscientiousness. It is hampered by lucky guessing experiences early in the process plus an instinctive and understandable search for non-existant shortcuts. Absenteeism can exacerbate this - missing foundational building blocks means you are attempting to build understanding on thin air, which leads to rote learning then dissatisfaction then disaffection, undermining the whole effort. Unlearning bad habits is the most difficult of all IMHO. Bottom line: learning requires conscious effort but the pill can be sugared with humour, compassion and enthusiasm. Instant gratification is anathema to this - in conflict with today's culture where it is less important that you failed to learn - you can look it up with your electronic brain assistant presuming, crucially, it is factually correct...
Fair enough, but that doesn’t change the fact that each and every human acts in tune with their personal bias. This sub is “left wing” because the majority of reddit are young people who lean left. It’s probably a tough pill to swallow, but the younger generations are overwhelmingly left-leaning and you can expect that to be reflected in a lot more than a reddit sub in the years to come.

You wouldn’t have an issue with this if it was a dem. Ya don’t need to admit it and I can’t well prove it, but both of us know that’s true.
In the year 3535 ain't gonna need to tell the truth, tell no lie. Everything you think, do and say is in the pill you took today...
The little blue pill created a senior citizen care home Sexual Revolution.

That generation got *two*... Can you believe it?!?
The stuff a Trump supporter on my Facebook feed told me about him would make your head explode, including telling me to "take the red pill."
Ayn Rand was poison pill that has infiltrated the US in small but **concentrated** pockets in vital parts of the USA.
Sometimes it's just not understanding it. It's easier to swallow a pill when it comes from someone you love, because you want to try, right or wrong.

My grandmother (then 88) was against gay marriage because she saw marriage as something that should be between god and a church and the couple, and it wasn't fair to force religions to accept gay marriages. Any time she saw the argument on the news she fell into the "against" side. 

One day myself  and one of my cousins decided to try to have the conversation with her. Honestly, our own orientation didn't even come up (the cousin is straight, I'm bi but was...not closeted, but not vocal about it). We explained that we understood her point, absolutely. The problem was that the idea of "marriage" also comes with quite a few legal rights in this country. Few, if any, want gay people to be able to get married in churches who think that their very existence is distasteful. We DO want gay people to be able to visit their loved ones in hospitals, collect on life insurance, file joint taxes, and make end-of-life decisions each other (etc). This was all things that the news had been telling her. But she needed to hear it from a loved one to be able to understand.

Gay marriage came up for vote twice in our state, about five years apart. The first time, my grandmother voted against it. The second time, she voted for it. She called both my cousin and I to thank us for explaining when she voted for it. She said she thought it would be better if the legal right had its own name for ALL couples, and marriage could mean the religious ceremony, but since that wasn't going to happen of course gay people should have the same rights as straight people. I was very proud of her that day.
Can confirm. gaining trust after GWB was elected a second term was already a hard pill to swallow, but now with Trump this has opened our eyes for how dysfunctional the US is as a democracy and how easy corruptible their systems are, add to that the historical fact that there will be another republican asshole for a president after every single democrat, as a Dutchman I'd say to my government; keep them art a safe distance, just like China and Russia, no more, no less.
Trump is just drooling with jealousy. A dictatorship and a military parade, this is giving him his first non-little blue pill induced erection in decades.
[That is not correct.](https://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-pills) The birth control pill releases hormones to force a menstrual cycle that would normally stop due to a pregnancy. 

Miscarriages can happen for any number of reasons, including the behavior of the mother. If the mother's behavior leads to the miscarriage, then by pro-life logic it should be viewed as a potential murder.
&gt; I am a Catholic, and I do think that abortion kills a human.

By that logic, the birth control pill and IUDs should be outlawed because they prevent an embryo from attaching the the uterus. Also, every miscarriage should be investigated by the government as a potential murder. This would also require every woman to register a pregnancy with the government so it could be monitored.

If you don't agree with all of the statements I just made, then you need to question whether or not you truly believe that an abortion kills a human.
I don't know if OP is coming back, but I was in a similar position in 2016. Obama was the best Republican president we've had in a long time( let's be honest),and as a STAUNCH progressive with some fiscally conservative overtones I was massively tired of the Hope and Change BS message which never occurred. Primarily that was because of Mitch/Senate Republicans, but there were things Obama SHOULD have spoken against imo, though in hindsight MAYBE he expanded surveillance because he got to see that our country is taking a very hard right fundamentalist turn. I was done and sick of both sides and it was Bernie or let the country burn and hopefully learn. I figured FOR SURE that Bernie would be a shoe-in this time.
Some redditors have helped show that this country is WAY more conservative than necessary, and Bernie should be president but still isn't the best candidate to make sure we win. It was a hard but necessary pill to swallow. That and my Journalist girlfriend asked about 8 months ago nicely (and when she asks nicely hoo boy she serious and watch out!) could I please vote for Biden, that this really is important.
Tldr: I was a Bernie-or-buster and Reddit kinda helped me come around.
Also,I've actually tried finding positive things Trump has done, and there really actually are a few. THAT DOES NOT in any way excuse his destruction of our institutions,just saying I've tried giving the other side a chance dozens of times and.... It's been disturbing every time.
Edit: for the spellsingses
Hey, do they have a pill that makes me feel surprised and not jaded but without the butt itch?
The abortion pill is an amazing drug that has changed the lives of countless women.  You can only take it up to 10 weeks.  Baby isn’t aware, formed, or any other thing that would qualify as a human being.
Can contest. Awaiting medical bankruptcy in my home. It’s our only option after an allergic reaction to a prescribed blood pressure pill blew up my loved ones pancreas. He required pancreatic cancer surgery in order to ever be able to eat again and stay alive. And during all of this: his corporate employer eliminated his position and took his health insurance. These people are sociopathic fucking pond scum.
Trump will set the house on fire, run down to the bunker, and take one last pill. Melania locked the door behind him.
The "also" part of what the pill does is immaterial so as long as the sufficient criterion for it being wrong is met i.e. a life as they define it is extinguished.

There is debate on whether the stage between fertilization and implantation should be called an embryo or not. The debate is based on the fact that the fertilized egg will develop extra-embrynic tissues as well. To make a definitive claim is to misunderstand the science on the matter. So the petition can justifiably use the label. Also, the name is immaterial to the crux of the petition's argument as stated above.

The payment part I addressed earlier, and the petition also walks through, so I'm not going to revisit it.

You are free to have a preference for a judge's leanings. Every single judge has biases.
To them, destroying a fertilized egg is abortion, which the pill does. It is consistent with the view of life beginning at conception. That is why they used the language to emphasize their viewpoint.

[Embryonic development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prenatal_development?oldformat=true) starts right after fertilization. Implantation is part of that.
Didn’t he fuck up his hearing with the pill addiction? Maybe he had to get a cyborg level attachment to get it back
The "Plan B" pill does not induce an abortion. The petition wrongly mentions the word "embryo." What the pill [does](https://planb.ca/en/how-plan-b-works) is either stop ovulation, stop an egg from being fertilized, or stop a fertilized egg from implanting. It has not yet become an embryo, and it very well may not ever have been a fertilized egg. 

Signing a petition is not unconstitutional. But a Supreme Court justice who (hypothetically) rules that religious entities should be able to change health care coverage *that other people pay for* is ruling against the constitution. Religious entities do not have the right to tell people who do not follow their religion what to do, or what they can have. And no one who has that poor an understanding of the mechanics of contraception should be ruling on laws about them. I wish we required all government officials to pass a basic science test, because the amount of [misinformation](https://time.com/3001785/todd-akin-legitimate-rape-msnbc-child-of-rape/) that they spout is simply astonishing.
Little, racist, pill-popper ones do, or so I assume.
I’ll take the blue pill please
I actually *don't* want him to take a turn for the worse because (1) I think a President Pence would be an easier pill for some independents and wavering Republicans to swallow, and (2) I want Trump's supporters to see him lose and lose *hard* in November.
Doesn't change the facts on the pill.
I personally never use the term R*** L******* only one of the following: Fatass Oxycontin Addict, Piece of Shit Pill Junkie, Opioid Absorbing Revolting Blob, or Fat Sloppy Draft Dodging Drug Addict.  Anybody have any others?
Boner pill is also covered by insurance
You’ve sure taken the red pill
I'm wondering why you are confusing a "those conclusions aren't wholly valid considering..." with a "no that's not true!!" The conclusions you make aren't wholly borne out by your arguments.

We are no where near the last days of the Weimar Republic. The dehumanization of illegal immigrants in the US is a given because of the US lack of an inalienable concept of human dignity. In American Culture you lose your human dignity when you deviate. This underpins past racial violence, homophobia, basically all of our sins of violence and exclusion are founded on the idea that when you make a mistake that you cease to be a human being worthy of the dignity of a human being and you become something that can be killed. Steal a bucket or a tv or trespass? That's a shootin'. So, it doesn't matter that they are in internment camps or not. They break the rules to get to the US and have at least a second class citizen status or worse. They will be dehumanized. It's a flaw in the culture. Camps or no camps.

The immigrant detention camps are more contrast with the KZ than they are similar.  They don't need to be similar to be awful. They are bad enough without being Dachau. The goals aren't the same, the conditions aren't the same. The way out for the internees is not the same. They can go home, or turn away from the US border before they come over. There was no escaping the KZ Lager. You couldn't just opt out.  It's not the same. Both are horrible. But horror can vary in kind, not just in intensity.

The Nazis didn't need to argue that starvation conditions in the ghettos made it necessary to kill them all. By the time there are ghettos they are already going to kill them all. The US is not planning on Euthanizing Illegal immigrants. Where did you get that?

The Holocaust was absolutely the result of an incremental loss of the collective German mind, and the Nazis did telegraph their endpoint while "hiding" it at the same time. The Death Camps have been called "the worst kept secret of the war." The Verbindung, so to say of the Jews and Bolschevismus and then the removal of the Jews from their society was a stated goal, of the Nazis going back to the DAP.

The starvation conditions of the Ghettos, did not make it a public discussion for the necessity of the final solution. Himmler and Hitler had both decided that the US entrance to the War in 1941 (even though they declared war on the US)  was the final straw of their half cocked conspiracy theories and they would eliminate them. Heydrich up until the Czechs klilled him didn't give a good god damn that Jews in the KZ were not being fed. Because the starvation conditions do not really appear until Germany really begins to lose the war. And they didn't liquidate them completely until 42, 43, and Lodz in 1944. Let's get some things straight.

1. The Nazis never cared whether they had enough food. It played no role in their survival. They Nazis were going to kill them anyway. The killing started with the invasion of Poland. It became a matter of how, not If. There is no parallel to the US there. NONE.
2. It was a secret, what became of anyone who crossed the Oder. There were no public debates about the fate of the Jews who the Nazis said were being "relocated." It was not a decision for the German people. The decision was made in the late 1930s. confirmed by Hitler in December of 1941,  finalized at Wannsee and carried out. There was no stopping it.
3. This is not the case for illegal immigrants in detention in the US. It is not the US plan to euthanize anyone, and if it is then it should start a civil war. It won't because it's not. This is so clearly overreach on your part that it's ridiculous.
4. This administration **has** been called fascist from day 1. And it hasn't done any goddamned good. So no. It didn't work. We have failed to show a constructive alternative that the majority of Americans can get behind. It's not just Trump. I'm in the opposition party. I am a Democrat. "The party that sank Sanders."^(TM) I'm here to tell you. We suck.
5. The holocaust and the rest of the rise of the Nazis leading up to it occurred incrementally because the Nazis were bauernschlau enough to push their program incrementally and learn as they went. They wanted to see how far they could get with as little resistance from the people as possible.  Once it started it was no longer incremental. Of the many massacres through the centuries the Holocaust is massive in scale, scope and speed. 
6.  They never told the people of Germany what happened in the general government. It was not public knowledge. there was no debate.  By the late late 30s they didn't need popular support. Once they were able to get away with "relocations" i.e. ethnic cleansing, it was already too late.

The writing on the wall says, vote Biden or perish. Trump is doing such a terrible job that if he is reelected, then we deserve what we get.  I find it a particularly bitter pill to have to take that we have the DNC pick of Biden Harris instead of Sanders Warren. I had hoped for better. There is still an election and the US isn't in a throes of a civil war yet. The US is not yet a Nazi state, illegal immigrants are not being euthanized and if you have information to the contrary, then you should bring it out.
Which means Trump is straight up assuming Biden will be president. This is around the time Hitler took a cyanide pill, Trump would be going crazy on twitter if he wasn't dying from the virus he unleased on this country.
Man, this makes me think of China, and how fucked its educational system is.  Every time someone's like "why don't our students test as well as Chinese ones?" I have to stop myself from shouting "because we're trying to make effective Human beings, not exam-taking robots!"

It's funny because my parents (who are Chinese immigrants) actually have an enormously high opinion of American education.  In many ways, so do I.  In America, students are taught to be skeptical, independent, and pro-social.  It also encourages people to pursue what they actually want to pursue, allowing students to seek to maximize their individual talents.  Applications to higher education are also comprehensive, seeking to evaluate the full breadth of a person's qualities instead of simply looking at test scores.

Is it perfect?  Hell no.  But compared to the Chinese educational system, America's system is amazing.  But it's amazing in, to borrow your words, ways that are complex and filled with conditionals and maybes.  The Chinese system, by contrast, is a nightmare in its simplicity.  You pass your tests, you advance.  You don't, fuck you.  Doesn't matter if you're a talented artist, or a book dumb but canny leader, or taught yourself to read with pill bottle labels while working at a bottling plant at the age of 12 like my grandmother.  Unless you have money, of course.  The corruption of Chinese educational institutions and their admissions offices is mind-bogglingly high.  Like "we publish a chart of how much you have to bribe us for a given test score threshold" high.
Probably contains the poison pill of removing corporate liability of corona.
In case anyone is in need of an abortion or contraception:

[aidaccess.org](https://aidaccess.org/) offer online consultations and will send out abortion pills by mail in the US, which are effective if you're less than 10 weeks pregnant. And of course [Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/) is an invaluable resourse.

[womenonweb.org](https://www.womenonweb.org/) do the same outside America. In the UK [bpas.org](https://www.bpas.org/abortion-care/abortion-treatments/the-abortion-pill/remote-treatment/) and several other providers will offer consultations on the NHS and send the abortion pill by mail.

And  [here is a list](https://www.bedsider.org/features/851-how-to-get-birth-control-delivered-right-to-your-door) of places that will do birth control online and by mail in the US, including "morning after" pills which can still be effective [3-5 days after sex](https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/contraception/emergency-contraception/).

I hope nobody needs these services, but its important people know about them if they do.
You're currently the top comment, so I'm shoving this here in case anyone is in need of an abortion or contraception:

[aidaccess.org](https://aidaccess.org/) offer online consultations and will send out abortion pills by mail in the US, which are effective if you're less than 10 weeks pregnant. And of course [Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/) is an invaluable resourse.

[womenonweb.org](https://www.womenonweb.org/) do the same outside America. In the UK [bpas.org](https://www.bpas.org/abortion-care/abortion-treatments/the-abortion-pill/remote-treatment/) and several other providers will offer consultations on the NHS and send the abortion pill by mail.

And  [here is a list](https://www.bedsider.org/features/851-how-to-get-birth-control-delivered-right-to-your-door) of places that will do birth control online and by mail in the US, including "morning after" pills which can still be effective [3-5 days after sex](https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/contraception/emergency-contraception/).

I hope nobody needs these services, but its important people know about them if they do.
I’ve volunteered as a pill worker this year, otherwise I would be there with you.
I don't even understand your point here. What I'm hearing from you is fuck the government and black people should stop complaining.

Idk man, maybe take a chill pill. Go camping or something, you need some perspective cause your coming across as a little paranoid.
Try taking it like a pill in the mornings, rather than snorting it like coke before a press conference.
Ok so past the three pill days abd on the downslope to crashville.
I'm gonna go with meth.  I used to be a pill head, there are nerdy, very animated, paranoid people who think that meth and adderall are "the same thing."  Theyll take it to play computer games and cruise forums all night, and it really sounds like qanon shit.
Can you buy the abortion pill over the counter? 

Its about €18 In Spain, no prescription.
I think she was still (a senior) in high school when he did it, so I wouldn’t be surprised if she were raised to think taking a contraceptive pill was wrong  as well as abortion. Even if she didn’t, we all live in a southern state and it’s kind of hard to get a prescription for birth control discreetly while you’re still in high school.
All this will change nothing. It is a tough pill to swallow but she will still go on as if nothing has happened. Being racist gets you your own form of protection/following and gets you famous too.
"Abortion pill."

Way to adopt the Christofascist framing, there, HuffPo.
The local and town level is where everything's getting bunged up. 

Many of the rural towns still cling to the old *Reefer Madness* tropes and simply don't want marijuana-based business.

 The younger crowd says, "*Well, what else you want? The mills are gone, the factories are gone. We gotta do something!*"

Goes up to the town selectmen for 'discussion' and they create a 'task force' and discuss some more in meetings they don't advertise except in a small 2" by 2" smear tucked in-between the firewood and church ads.


The oldsters go back and say "*rabble rabble drugs drugs crime*" as they pop their 4th vicodin pill of the day to get on Facebook and ask if someone's target shooting or if the leftist hordes have finally come to loot their televisions.

Most infuriating of all are the guys who made fortunes selling the shit black market but now stand to lose a buck so they don't want things to change either.

So it'll finally go to an actual vote and the sole license will probably go to one of the council-member's weird cousins (who mysteriously had a giant weed field anyway, go figure) and he'll get a monopoly on it while actual entrepreneurs from away with actual ideas get turned down.

I'm happy just growing the stuff for my own personal use; I just don't want it to go all Monsanto in the end
I was thinking Friday or Saturday at most. He could be day 8 or 9, which is down to 1 pill I believe. And yeah, he may order his dr to give him more, lol- his body cant handle them long and it would make him much more open to infection as well.
he should be down to at most 1 pill tho, the comedown is starting.
He will get worse, today should either be day 9 or 10 on his dexamethisone, and hes down to one pill. The crash is coming.
Pill Popping Ozzy is what turned people on to Reality TV. It was not nearly as big before his clusterf\*\*k of a family got on their.

Pill Popping Ozzy is Trump, just without the racism and hatred! 

Let that sink in for a moment.

Ozzy Osbourne lit up on pain pills is a better person than Donald J Trump!
day 9 of deximethisone is only one pill. He coming down and gonna be crashing soon.
Fair enough. I hope you're right of course. Don't get me wrong - I enjoy the LP videos. But of course I was already a dedicated progressive so there is no obvious electoral value in appealing to me.

I suspect that the future of the culture wars is going to involve sophisticated strategies for getting inside political bubbles. We are already seeing rudimentary versions of this with "As a black man..." posts etc.

By 2024 I expect that reddit and other forums will be filled with accounts posting plausible progressive sentiments to gain credibility. Then they sneak in the poison pill. It will be "Boy that Trump sure was a criminal, but as a woke progressive I know that all politicians are criminals so we should definitely never vote. Also if you like marijuana it means you are really a libertarian."

We'll need to be more sophisticated about not trusting groups just because they signal to be on our side. The Lincoln Project can visit my headspace but I'm keeping them under quarantine.
SBC knows exactly what button to press. The Clinton Foundation reference is a perfect poison pill.
Because this law has nothing to do with the legality of abortion or roe v wade. A group of drugs usually require you to go to a medical building cause they won't mail them. Because of covid, they lifted that restriction for everything....except the abortion pill.

The ruling was just 'yeah this is clearly a double standard that you didn't even attempt to justify with facts. Were totally open to you coming back if anything changes (aka you can think of a better excuse), but this is obviously a horseshit lawsuit. If we rules in your favor we would lose all credibility."
Roe v Wade is its own poison pill for its opponents.

To oppose Roe v Wade is to object to the underlying constitutional framework of medical privacy, or even a more broad sense of privacy and especially due process.

To actually "strike it down" as opponents of abortion fantasize, requires an argument that goes well beyond the relatively simple questions of abortion restrictions.

The politicians who promise to accomplish this will never go through with it, because they understand some of the unintended consequences that would follow.

Don't get me wrong, access to abortion will almost certainly be made more restrictive, particularly in situations where federal funding is involved. But it is a fantasy to imagine that the ruling will be categorically overturned. No matter what they say and imply, the Republican Party will never allow that.
My parents vote this way and I have similar issues in that by voting R they are taking away my rights. It’s a hard pill to swallow. I cannot imagine they really love me.
"Have you guys ever seen a level ten narcissist cranked up to eleven?  Check this shit out"

*Gives trump steroid pill*.
I’m Mexican-American and have a lot of friends that live in Mexico. They are getting first-class view on the fucked up situation brewing. And our cultural connection to the US is so strong that we are starting to be afraid of what the next 90 days may bring. 

It’s so crazy to see the shift in perception of Mexican people towards the US. 

We’ve always had a annoyance/admiration type of relationship with you guys. There’s no real hate from Mexicans towards the US. (At least it’s people) 

We get annoyed with many things you do, and roll our eyes at many of your politicians, but overall, there’s never been hate towards the US. If anything we reluctantly admire the US’ accomplishments and it’s people’s spirit. 

We have always been a little jealous of your success.  Especially knowing that we have the same talent, know-how, entrepreneurial spirit, and respect for work-ethic that Americans have, but having incompetent politicians not take advantage of this and cultivate a better economy. 

But we’ve learned to deal with our situation through our notorious lighthearted take in most things. We deal with our situation through comedy, having close connections with friends/family, and a united pure hatred towards the rich. It’s what keeps us going! 

But anyways I digress. 

That admiration that we have always held for America is no longer there. 

The respect came from having competent politicians, and a population who was educated enough to make democracy work. But, now we see America as another country that has succumbed to the demands of the rich...

...just like we, Mexicans have. :-\

You guys have become US.  We don’t like you at the moment. You remind us too much of us. Your system is adopting the worst part of our government, and being wildly successful at it.

The ironic thing out of this entire mess is the Republican Party. 

It’s as if the Republican Party has learned EVERY. SINGLE. TACTIC.  from our own fascist party (The PRI) on how to control the masses, leverage economic policy in the wealthy’s favor, and completely screw the middle and lower classes. 

EVERYTHING that the Republican Party is doing right now, the PRI party here did for 70 years. 

Mexico did not become a democracy until the year 2000. Before this, we had been ruled by the PRI for almost a century. (Imagine the republicans ruling the US for 70 years...) 

During that time, there was definitely opposition, but... not as much as you’d say. Definitely not a revolution. 

People just accepted the dictatorship. Why? Because it wasn’t obvious. Yeah, political murders happened, and some people suffered but overall, the country didn’t descend into outright anarchy. Hunger existed, but Mexico isn’t THAT poor that malnutrition is a serious crisis. We may have faces a few times a year where food was a concern, but overall we had a roof over our head, clothing, and at least a bowl of rice/beans every night. 

So... we just... accepted it. We didn’t have a high educational attainment, and therefore (I hate to admit it) our population was just too dumb to not realize what was happening. (Does the attack on education/disrespect for science sound familiar?)

The dictatorship continued for 70 years. We were the ONLY “democracy” on earth with only two TV stations. Imagine having Fox News... and... idk... Breitbart as your ONLY media outlets. 

Our system had been dubbed “La dictadura perfecta” (the perfect dictatorship) because although most people weren’t affected by it, and life chugged along “good enough”, the dictatorship was able to accomplish what they needed without too much hassle (and with ALOT of help from the USA)

And all they wanted was money. Any way possible. Enrich those in the party as much as possible, at the expense of its citizens. That’s all they wanted. That’s all the republicans want too. 

So, Mexicans voted with their feet, and throughout the 90s and early 2000s we fled. We were fleeing a capitalist dictatorship. The USA provided a lot of relief to the Mexican elite, and this is why a revolution never came, and protests were not destroying the country. Humans will always go the path of least resistance, and the least resistance for us was migration instead of revolution. (Since 2007 though, net migration to the US has been negative, contrary to popular belief)

But anyways, it’s crazy seeing republicans blame us for everything. Everything is our fault. Typical scapegoating. 

The real bitter pill for Mexicans to swallow though is that Republicans are copying our perfect dictatorship to the T. So, yeah, we are a little bitter that Republicans are saying the Mexican people are the country’s problems, when they themselves are copying the tactics the rich used against us to get what they want. 

Ironic. The party that hates us is the party that’s turning the USA into another Mexico. A country of haves and have nots. 

I’ve rambled on for a while but the overall point I was trying to make is that that admiration is no longer there. Mexicans are seriously concerned that the once great country we so much looked up to us mimicking the same playbook that our fucking system has used against us. 

If things continue the way things are, you may NEVER be able to elect another Democrat ever again. Trust me. This is where things are going. The way the executive, legislative, and judicial systems have been stacked against the opposition is brilliant (and fucked up). Republicans WILL get what they want. 

And not even for a second should you think the fight is over if Biden wins. Republicans have been at war against the American people for 50 years. IF Biden wins DO NOT declare victory and stop fighting. Cause the other side won’t. 

Mexicans are over here kicking and screaming at you guys to fucking WAKE UP. 

We are ROOTING for you guys! Goddamn I just wanna shake every single one of you. (Particularly you, Trump supporters... you are being USED and neither the rich,  nor the republicans care about you. It’s ONLY about money. God I wish I knew how to speak to you, you dense fucks)

But you guys NEED to wake the fuck up. The war IS between the rich and the poor. The rich will continue using ANY tool to get what they want. (Racism, religion, ideology)

For the love of god wake the fuck up guys.  Every American needs to set their mind to “war-mode”, and use your vote as your most effective weapon. 

Because if you don’t do this, you will not have the privilege that Mexicans had to just vote with your feet. 

You guys have nowhere to go. The rich will flee, but the other 99.9999% of you will be stuck in a fucked up situation. Canada is too small to absorb your massive population, and Mexico too poor for you guys to look at us as a serious alternative 

So VOTE- as much as you guys annoy us, we’d never want other people to go through what we’ve gone through.
I took prozac for a bit, then went to Lexapro. So much better for me. Like taking a water pill. Not that it doesn't work, it just works that well, that I'm grounded, normal on it. Don't feel like I take meds, but they work. Prozac made me bonkers.
She is locked in the house with her oxygen level dropping. She cant trust her family. Have a fucking chill pill and some god damn compassion. Let a scared girl in a dire circumstance ask any and all for help.
I live with type 2 bipolar disorder and smoking a joint or so a day takes my highs and lows and practically flattens them. I feel like a normal person ... able to deal with all the other brain issues I have. I don't have insane mania, I don't have crippling depression, I drink WAY LESS, and I don't always think my family and friends are out to get me. My state decided Bipolar is not a qualifier for medical this year, so I just make really good friends with my dealer. I buy an ounce a month and fill out a monthly pill organizer to ration.
&gt; My point is confirmed with your response

This election is fascism against the establishment...don't tell me it is otherwise...it is already a bitter pill to swallow...
Two answers: the beach bum and the pill popper
Everything in that article is connected to the economic, societal, or physical/mental health recovery of this country.

The fact that any of that is a "poison pill" tells you everything you need to know about the GOP.
A gay Christian pointing out the hypocrisy of the religious right must make it an even tougher pill to swallow.
Actually, in the USA you cannot get the medication for a medically induced abortion at a pharmacy.

You might be thinking of the morning-after-pill which can be obtained from a pharmacy. 

From [this](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/teens/ask-experts/is-there-an-over-the-counter-abortion-pill-that-i-can-take-without-a-prescription) Planned Parenthood source:

&gt;Some people confuse the abortion pill with the morning-after pill, but they’re very different. The abortion pill ends a pregnancy — the morning-after pill PREVENTS pregnancy before it happens. And unlike the abortion pill, anybody can buy the morning-after pill over the counter at pharmacies and drugstores. You can take the morning-after pill up to 5 days after unprotected sex to prevent pregnancy. But the morning-after pill won’t cause an abortion or harm the pregnancy if you’re already pregnant. 


&gt;
[Source](https://www.guttmacher.org/evidence-you-can-use/medication-abortion#)

&gt;Practically speaking, medication abortion does not need to be administered by physicians. It can be safely provided by other trained health care providers, including physician assistants, nurse practitioners and certified nurse midwives. State laws that restrict provision only to physicians limit patient access.

Edit: [Here's the website to Panned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/teens/ask-experts/is-there-an-over-the-counter-abortion-pill-that-i-can-take-without-a-prescription) which has reliable information about abortion.
Miller lives near Washington, D.C. with his wife and their two daughters.  He also fathered a child with A. J. Delgado during a brief extra-marital affair, born six months after his second child.

In 2018 Miller was accused of drugging his mistress with an abortifacient drug, by blending a pill into a fruit smoothie. The ensuing controversy cause him to leave his position as a political commentator on CNN.

In 2019 Miller admitted in court that he had a history of visiting prostitutes and patronizing "Asian-themed" massage parlors.

Just a little bit of info about this scoundrel.
From Jason Miller wiki
&gt; On September 14, 2018 A.J. Delgado, the mother of Miller's son, filed a suit in a Miami-Dade Circuit Court. In the suit, Delgado requests that Miller undergo a psychological evaluation because she alleges that she was told by a Republican lobbyist, and alleges journalist Yashar Ali confirmed said story, that, in 2012, Miller impregnated a stripper he met in an Orlando strip club and subsequently secretly administered an "abortion pill" to the unnamed woman, causing the abortion of the fetus and life-threatening bleeding of the unnamed woman.[39]
&gt;Federal and state authorities arrested more than a dozen men this week in connection to the plot, including several tied to militias. The plots were deemed attempted terroristic acts by anti-government groups, according to the office of Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel.   
&gt;  
&gt;Jason Miller, a longtime Trump campaign advisor, was one of several prominent Trump supports or campaign staffers to criticize the governor. A different campaign staff member [tweeted inaccurate information](https://twitter.com/AndrewHClark/status/1314287359433809921?s=20) about the governor's comments, erroneously saying she *"literally blamed, without evidence, the kidnapping plot on President Trump."* 

&amp;#x200B;

*Hmm, without evidence, you say, mr abortion pill man?!!*

&amp;#x200B;

If being a white supremacist were a trial, he would be convicted in 15 minutes of being one. There's not just evidence, Miller. There's a treasure trove of receipts to how racist he &amp; his father is &amp; were.

&amp;#x200B;

The fact that TV allows these liars on television is mind-boggling. They are a cult akin to Koresh and Warren Jeffs. They shouldn't even be allowed to further spread mendacity in the airwaves. Let the kooks go to OANN. They'll be welcome there.
That’s usually permanent. Not everyone who doesn’t want a child right now knows they’ll never want children. There really is nothing like the pill or an IUD for dudes, where it’s a temporary, chosen infertility.
I misspoke by using shorthand. The petition doesn't address the abortion procedure but "abortion-inducing drugs" and contraceptives. I assume that refers to after-sex (morning-after) pills. Given that conception may occur within a day of sex, and the pill can be taken within 5 days, I can see how the label has merit. The petition isn't ignorant of the law.

As I said before, you're making a utilitarian argument for your case by appealing to the majority. Which is fine. It doesn't nullify theirs. They walk through their rationale clearly in the petition. You ask me how is the petition constitutional. How is the petition unconstitutional? I've said this before too: this is a clash of liberties and the line demarcating them is a matter of debate. The petition is calling for one interpretation. You may call for another.
Imagine if you could go across state lines to find a competitive plan too.  That sounds like capitalism, but wouldn't you know, that the GOP wouldn't even allow the ACA to reach the floor without this provision.

Its funny, the Dems allowed the GOP to fill the aCA with just poison pill after poison pill.  The GOP could have even rebranded the fix to all their poison pills in 2016 and made the ACA is great success.  But Trump was so fixated with his hatred for Obama that he just couldn't not do everything in his power to dismantle anything tied ot Obama.
Mycoxaflopin is for erectile dysfunction without compounding rotten dick syndrome.  Rotcoxaflopin is the first drug to conveniently combine ED and Herpes treatment into one pill, along with highly addictive stimulants to help sundowning seniors remember to feen for their meds.

For severe herpes outbreaks, you can use Rotcoxaflopin HX, with only half the dose of Homeopathic Herpes Cleanse for DOUBLE the effectiveness.
This is actually not the argument he’s making, and I think it’s important to make sure that even talking about it on the internet with lay- and largely like-minded people that we get it right. 

There exists a spectrum - between absolute freedom and absolute security. When a dictator posits you can give up all your power into their hands, they are making a strong argument from the security side. “I’ll take care of you, I know what is best.” 

This argument sounds the same (“I know best”) but is coming from the other end of the spectrum - the freedom side. Americans are primed to love freedom and if you can posit almost any argument in terms that suggest an American is giving up a freedom, they are likely to hate that. America is freedom, don’t tread on me. 

The reality is that all societies, if they hope to endure, have to strike a balance between the two - too much security, and the people feel oppressed and too much freedom and the people become lawless. We have a lot of fiction that shows the danger of becoming too secure, like 1984 - again, America, we like freedom - but I’d suggest the opposite side is scarier. In a world with complete freedom, you cannot trust anything.

In America, you can probably trust that bottle of Tylenol because we have taken the company’s freedom to do whatever the hell it wants to. They have to track each batch, test each batch, keep track of all the parts that make up that batch, so if anything goes wrong they can recall it and minimize damage. Failure to do so can result in the company being legally liable. On the other side, we don’t hold the company to a completely rigid frame - batches aren’t single pills, and there are some tolerances that are allowed so each bottle doesn’t cost tons of money. 

Complete freedom doesn’t just mean that Tylenol could sell you a bottle of the wrong dose, or even the wrong drug - complete freedom means that some asshole with a pill press and a pile of sawdust can manufacture a bottle of and call it Tylenol. 

A lot of people don’t understand that true freedom results in a ton of chaos that’s even less navigable than true security.
Don't begin to lecture me on the importance of voting in this election and ensuring for yourself, with a high degree of certainty, that your vote is actually counted. No way in hell am I going to entrust my vote to some random person I don't know getting my vote to a ballot counting machine. That's not sociopathic, even in the slightest. You're probably just some Russia troll anyway, I don't even know why I'm arguing with you. If I'm wearing a mask and I'm socially distancing then my chances of infecting someone are incredibly small. Oh and I actually had COVID-19 several months ago thanks to some douchebag who probably wasn't wearing a mask, so, for all I know I'm killing all the virus that attempt to enter my body anyway. Take a chill pill and try to live in reality for a while.
Well said, Sacha. 

It has occurred to me that a lot of the blame for society's willingness to believe in conspiracy theories can likely be laid at the feet of an unlikely source...

"The Matrix"...

Yes, the movie. Hear me out though. 

The movie was released in 1999. I was finishing up college around that time. 

I can assure you that prior to the release of "The Matrix" the idea that there was no reality was confined mostly to college philosophy departments and stoners engaging in mental masturbation. 

I know because I definitely had those debates. 

One of our good buddies constantly made that argument. But no one supported that idea. In fact, the debate got so ridiculous once that our entire group of friends stopped talking to this guy for 2 years because we thought his argument was THAT ludicrous. 

Fast forward to 1999 and "The Matrix" was released. It was truly a momentus and culturally redefining event. The movie didn't look like anything else that had ever been released. And it was an overtly philosophical story, but made in a way that the concepts were easily grasped by anyone. 

"The Matrix" completely changed the zeitgeist. The idea that reality might not exist slowly became mainstream. 

That it was released just as the Internet was also redefining reality and giving everyone a platform to create their own reality made the impact of the story even greater. 

Now it is common for even intelligent science-y folks to claim we are most likely living in a simulation. That us how prevalent and deeply engrained this idea has become. 

Even today, the red pill / blue pill metaphor is the most widely used by conspiracy theorists. They invoke "The Matrix" as a way to get people to open their minds to whatever bullshit they are about to throw their way. 

You really cannot underestimate the effect "The Matrix" had on pop culture. I truly believe you can trace back the exponential growth of conspiracy theories and their broad reach directly to the movie. 

Someone with more time than I have should explore this idea. There is plenty there.
I barely even respect him, honestly. But to get the dumpster fire out? I'll swallow that pill.
I imagine that’s a pill so hard to swallow, its easier to just blame all your problems on Democrats, the libs, and immigrants.
"Red Pill" is an unvarnished descriptor of human nature. It's not very flattering, but more often than not, it's spot-on.

Imagine being the person who worked hard and should have gotten the lucrative positions Kamala Harris was appointed to simply because she was knocking boots with Willie Brown. 

This is a tale as old as time, of course, but it doesn't mean we have to like it, or like the parties involved.
If you trace when my extended and nuclear family (MAGA people) began to shift from support for populist democracy to a republic, aka minority rule...it was after the 60s. 

It was easy to support democracy before then, when white voters had much more power and unified support for white supremacy. When my folks in Alabama saw the hippies in San Francisco and interracial couples (cohabiting before marriage!!) in NYC protesting the Vietnam War, that was it. When you throw in other things like immigration being opened up to allow people from India, birth control pill/abortion, and hearing more Spanish, they swore off modern America and vowed to seize power by fascist means.
&gt;Trump on the steroid he is taking: “They have a steroid. It’s not a heavy steroid.”

In fact it's a really tiny pill
Unflavored yogurt is fine, Pence is more like a placebo pill, tastes terrible and still no benefit.
&gt;*Public research and grants accounts for less than 1% of the cost of developing a drug*

Source?

Many sources in fact  dispute that:

* [Pharmaceutical corporations need to stop free-riding on publicly-funded research](https://thehill.com/opinion/healthcare/376574-pharmaceutical-corporations-need-to-stop-free-riding-on-publicly-funded)   

&gt;'In reality, companies receive substantial publicly-funded support from the government. A recent study found that all 210 drugs approved in the U.S. between 2010 and 2016 benefitted from publicly-funded research, either directly or indirectly.   
Taxpayers contribute through public university research, grants, subsidies, and other incentives. This means people are often paying twice for their medicines: through their tax dollars and at the pharmacy.    

   
* [Taxpayers — not Big Pharma — have funded the research behind every new drug since 2010](https://other98.com/taxpayers-fund-pharma-research-development/)

&gt;The CISI study, underwritten by the National Biomedical Research Foundation, mapped the relationship between NIH-funded research and every new drug approved by the FDA between 2010 and 2016. The authors found that each of the 210 medicines approved for market came out of research supported by the NIH. Of the $100 billion it spent nationally during this period, more than half of it — $64 billion — ended up helping the development of 84 first-in-class drugs.   
But the NIH doesn’t get to use the profits from these drugs to fund more research, the way it might under a model based on developing needed drugs and curing the sick, as opposed to serving Wall Street. Instead, publicly funded labs conduct years of basic research to get to a breakthrough, which is then snatched up, tweaked, and patented (privatized) by companies who turn around and reap billions with 1,000-times-cost mark-ups on drugs developed with taxpayer money.   
Those companies then spend the profits on executive bonuses and share buybacks, and lavish mass marketing campaigns to increase sales of amphetamines, benzos, opioids, and dick pills.   
And with what’s left over, they lobby to keep threats to this massive scam at bay, all while scooping up more NIH-funded breakthroughs and starting the process anew.



* [Pharmaceutical Research Costs: The Myth of the $2.6 Billion Pill](https://www.citizen.org/news/pharmaceutical-research-costs-the-myth-of-the-2-6-billion-pill/)

&gt;Public funds, including federal funds from the National Institutes of Health, contribute up to a fifth of the research costs of many newly approved drugs and vaccines. The public contribution to the development of truly innovative drugs is even greater. A 2015 study of 26 innovative and groundbreaking drugs or drug classes approved by the FDA between 1984 and 2009 found that only a minority of these drugs were developed solely within the industry.
dont' ask her what she thinks about biden , just have her vote against trump ;0 thats enough . Biden is a pill we swallow cause trump is the worst thing ever in america
this is what makes the concept of red pill so hilarious lol
Says the Red Pill for women poster.
There's been several of these.  Checked a few: one hadn't posted in 10 months, another had most of their posts scrubbed, another posted to a red pill subreddit, etc.
Yah the european red pill guy was a life long democrat.
We can all see your sad red pill posts
Don't know many democrats that post in red-pill subs...
Have any proof or evidence of that being a wide spread thing to effect every single major pill across America?
I lost family close to me over this. Family I'll never see again because of Republicans.

Maybe you'd feel differently otherwise.

At the end of the day, not everyone can be redeemed and people like you need to get over that. It's a hard pill to swallow but they made their choice.

I'm good with my view on them. You can keep yours. They own that responsibility and can deal with the consequences of being ostracized.
I hope they don’t pack the court. It’s a stupid move. It’s a tough pill to swallow but the democrats lost on this one. 

Think about that and remember it when you vote 3rd party or you decide to sit out an election because ‘both parties are the same’.
It’s like talking a pill because a high schooler who was interested in medicine recommended it. They might be right, but if doctors don’t agree, you wouldn’t take the pill
Did he just pill I have black friends... so I can't be racist
And that sex work song was written by the very successful Bobby Gentry a decade or two before Reba covered it

Loretta Lynn also had a song called The Pill advocating birth control

And there was a big to do with the queer Lavender Country band and album

You’re right. Country music has had a really fascinating history. I’d say maybe it was the 80s or 90s when country really started to congeal into what it is today

Luckily artists like Kacey Musgraves, Trixie Mattel, and Orville Peck are challenging that and finding success

I don’t really count Taylor as country anymore but maybe she should be on that list too
See below. That explains it decently and you can look into ages of “Awakenings”.  It gets fairly detailed. While this New Age does connect some psuedo-spirituality, I have come to see it as nothing more than doctrines for self-centeredness and ego driven “awareness” (their concept, not a generally accepted idea of it). I also practiced Buddhism from around 22-30 before becoming a more generalized agnostic and the “spiritual” elements I’m talking about are for the most part diametrically opposed to anything in something like the Three Pillars of Zen. They’ll use the terminology that may sound similar but their practice of it is a very distorted application.  Qanon is an amalgamation that isn’t any singular concept. While I’m genuinely thankful for articles like this, the awareness of its existence is the tip of the iceberg, so to speak and it falls incredibly short of seeing the entire apparatus. Think of it like a flag of a nation state.  Its representative of whatever aspect of it you want to look into but more often than not, you’re only seeing a single side of something multidimensional with many facets that make up the whole. I’ll respond to as many comments as I can so as not to repeat information. Someone says its Trump-driven while another claims Russian involvement and while there are aspects of truth to each, neither gives a remotely full understanding of the movement. Wikipedia gives a decent enough synopsis of some major elements but doesn’t come close to representing just how widespread this has become. The followers *love* to use the terms “rabbit hole” and “red pill/blue pill” but I tell you honestly, there have been multiple times during the past wuarter century where the sheer insanity of it all made me have to step away from it all. I have felt, more than once, like one of those investigators who study serial killers because you have to alter your own perceptions in order to understand any of this and that can be very thin psychological ice at times because the thought processes that go into this are not waters a normal, rational mind can swim in for very long at any one time.
The bill is a poison pill, it's sole purpose is to be able to say things like "why won't Trump pass corona relief!?"
The regeneron might be free but the Tylenol is $120/pill
Relatively low, actually. A single aspirin can cost $30 per pill, more than six times the cost of an entire bottle at the drug store. I fucking hate this capitalist nightmare of a country.
Most folks have no idea how medical billing works, or how expensive it actually is to deliver care. The starting point for “negotiations” by your insurer is a completely made up number, so don’t put too much/any emphasis on the size of their negotiated discount. Everyone should read “The Bitter Pill” by Steven Brill in Time magazine a few years back. In the end, it sounds like you received world class medical care from dozens of healthcare professionals for $&lt;200/d out of pocket.
That’s a hard pill to swallow for anyone I think. Even if we do know republicans are evil.
dont forget the absolute lie that is "cultural marxism" and the "red pill"
It's really not surprising that it's a decision that really wrecks some people.  Everyone is different.  There's a lot wrapped up in the decision.  And as  you say, some may not even be prepared for the ways they'll react to it.  I tend to believe that the answer to that -- inasmuch as there can be an answer -- is in compassion and counseling.  

But the entire abortion "debate" is so heated and violent that it's hard to imagine that doesn't factor into it in some way, too.  And that it doesn't factor into women not getting the help they need afterwards to deal with what is a really personal and often upsetting decision.  The world doesn't do a great job to help them deal with those feelings.  It also doesn't really prepare them beforehand, because again, the process is overshadowed by the societal debate and the public attitudes for and against the choice, as well as a long history of anti-abortionists using things like counseling as tactics to prevent abortions, rather than to help the person make the decision that is really best for them.

And there are always going to be outliers in any population.  I'm kind of assuming that the woman you're talking about had pill-induced abortions, rather than surgical procedures?  I'll be honest, I can't imagine what her mindset is like.  I would never want to roll the dice that many times on a procedure that, even if it became routine to you, is uncomfortable at minimum, and carries with it at least some element of danger.

But you also can't use the occasional example like that, to characterize all people who seek an abortion.  No more than you can or should use the actually small number of welfare cheats or food-stamp cheats, to say that the entire system isn't worth it.  (Here, I am using "you" generically; I'm not saying that you, personally, use those arguments.)
My wife and I just started making above 125k before taxes recently, but we're basically destitute from paying for childcare for the last 5 years. With our youngest having 2 more years of childcare ahead, we'll have paid almost 125k in childcare/preschool expenses and are carrying a fair amount of debt from it.

To then be singled out to be fucked over with college costs later on would be a tough pill to swallow.

Edit: also my parents made above this, but had 8 kids, so really couldn't help me with college costs at all. I had to wait till my late twenties to be able to get any financial assistance
I’ll be interested to see what the AMA and licensing board say about this charade. 

This guy’s one more presser away from having to move to Florida and open a pill mill.
&gt;  People will get direct deposits before they go to the polls.

There's a problem. It might be really hard for them to ram the stimulus bill through congress. Moscow Mitch has a poison pill he is demanding to be attached to any more funding. The lawsuit protection against businesses who infect their workers.  He wants to protect his rich donors, and here's why:

&gt;[Family of Tyson employee in Iowa who died of COVID-19 sues company, alleging gross negligence](https://www.desmoinesregister.com/story/money/business/2020/10/06/tyson-foods-sued-over-columbus-junction-workers-covid-19-death-iowa/3636300001/)
Hell even the “plan B” or morning after pill looks terrible. My GF was in tears the cramping and pain is so bad. Nobodies doing this for fun.
"Instead of snorting an adderall or ritalin pill, I crush up one of each, combine the dust and snort both instead"
There might be an easier answer to all of this.  He took the red pill.  Just like Trump, he is the product of information bias.  He supports outrages ideas, the red team agrees and there is a confirmation bias that keeps looping.

Trump is not a policy oriented individual, he has no real plans, or integrity, or thoughts of his own.  He watches TV and gets his news from the news that gets their queues from him.

Lindsey is brainwashed just as much as those that follow him.
Republicans have leveraged a manipulative application of social identity theory. 

The problem is that from 2016 until now, there's issues that aren't "he said/she said" and very clearly aren't "us/the.". George Floyd was a big one. That's why it was the straw that broke the camels black in shifting white peoples perspective on BLM,racism, police brutality. They saw the truth with their own eyes, without any window for partisan editorializing. 

Trump really does have a habit of "telling it like it is". Which...is a problem. The reason the GOP hides behind lies and dog whistles is because a *lot* of racists aren't maliciously  racist. We've all had grandparents or seen old people who Are otherwise good people and don't have hate in their soul....bit are just ignorant as all fuck. When those people are exposed to racism openly, when they socialize and interact with minorities directly...that racism usually melts away. People have said this for a long time: the biggest way you fight racism is simply by ending social segregation in communities. Most grandparents aren't going to 'other' their mixed race grandchildren. But they'll realize that the grandkids is in fact included in the other population. Which gets when wheels turning on how many people in the 'other' category don't fit the narrative they've been told about the 'other'. Similarly, urban ANTIFA rhetoric is harder to sell when your 19 year old granddaughter whos in college to be an elementary school teacher tells you that *she's* ANTIFA. 


Trump is struggling with older voters because the GOP spent several months explicity saying that old people matter less than young people, that their deaths aren't really a tragedy since they're less healthy, and that we shouldn't inconvenience ourselves to protect them. Being told that the freedom for other people to not be *minorly inconvenienced* by a mask is more important than whether you live or die is a tough pill to swallow. 

Trump also shut down the federal government a few years ago. This lead to a *scramble* to figure out what to do about SNAP. Food stamps are really framed with racial/freeloader rhetoric, but actually the group with the highest dependency on food stamps is the elderly. Unlike other groups who can hit up food banks and crowd sourfe a meal from amongst friends in a pinch and rely on schools to feed half the family, seniors are absolutely fucked without their SNAP. It also majorly fucked up medicaid and Medicare - again these are programs disproportionately used by the elderly. Thankfully I didn't have to deal with that aspect myself, but coworkers said that certain facilities were making it clear that if the money didn't resume soon, the Medicare residents were getting booted. He also fucked up and cut funding for meals on wheels.....once again, a program mostly used by the elderly (this one is particularly cruel. Not only does that program provide food to people who have mobility issues, but for a lot of those people it's some of the only real-world social contact they get).

Trump has also proposed cuts to medicaid and social security. Again, programs depended on by the elderly. Trump's actions have also lead to an extremely violatility stock market - for those seniors who *do* have retirement accounts, that volatility is fucking terrifying. A person who's 15 years away from retirement can weather the ups and downs. A person actively pulling from their retirement can't afford for several thousand dollars to disappear overnight.

Voters can be quite selfish, and Trump is weirdly open about the fact he doesn't give a shit about the concerns of the elderly. I have a very strong suspicion he genuinely doesn't understand how poor the average senior citizen is and assumed he could just get by on racist/anti-immigrant rhetoric alone.
I hear “abortions shouldn’t be used as birth control” often. I’d like for anyone who says this to witness what an abortion is actually like, because they’re not fun, and anyone with an ounce of sense would know that other methods of birth control are cheaper, easier, and far more comfortable. 

The easiest abortions are pill-induced, and happen very early in the pregnancy, and they’re still like a heavier-than-usual period, with extra blood, extra cramping, and extra hormones. 

And surgical abortions, while easier than child birth and nothing to be truly afraid of, are also not *fun*. I’ve gotten an IUD, which involves a very minor cervical sounding/dilation, which I found incredibly painful. (It’s different for everyone; some don’t have as much discomfort.) there’s no WAY I’d get a surgical abortion just for the fun of it. It’s an option that I’m glad I have available to me, but gosh I hope I never have to go through it. 

People have an image in their heads of irresponsible women lackadaisically just getting abortions because they don’t wanna use condone or whatever. But this image doesn’t make a single ounce of sense.
C'mon, Rudy, don't leave the MyPillow crackhead hanging.  Take some of his snakeoil pill deriving from a poisonous plant.
It's kind of like having to fire someone at work. I can say for myself it was always a bitter pill to swallow knowing they had a family. I always had to remind myself of the person cared about their family, they wouldn't have done what they did to get fired. It's not my responsibility to care a out their family. If Christie cared about his family, he wouldn't have put himself in the position to get covid. By this point, we are all aware of steps that should be taken to minimize exposure. He did not follow those steps. It would be unfortunate for his family. Nevertheless if he didn't give a fuck, why should we?
Probably isn't the case any more with HIV. That case is from 1996. Medical advances have come a long way since then and make HIV not a death sentence anymore. From what I've heard you pretty much live 100% normally these days if you take a pill other than the stigma of the disease. It's not even transferable when the medicine is taken daily. It's much worse medically to be overweight than to have HIV these days.
Dude, testing Trump for COVID is probably exactly like giving a cat a pill. The second he sees you with it he runs, you gotta move furniture to get to him, it’s almost impossible for one person to do alone because you have to secure all his limbs, his neck inexplicably becomes jelly yet paradoxically is possessed with the strength of a pit bull. I bet it’s an absolute nightmare.
Looks like you swallowed the red pill. The economy is better because of everything that the Obama administration did for 8 years. Trump is just taking credit for something he had nothing to do with (like he does with everything) and the last couple years he's been propping it up. Don't worry there is a massive recession coming soon thanks to Trump! 

If you watched the debate you can clearly see that Biden wasn't confused, he was perfectly fine mentally. Even if he is getting old and his mental capabilities are declining, he will listen to advisors that are actually experts on the subject, and follow their advice. Trump did not listen to the CDC's pandemic advice and threw away their plan and made things infinitely worse than they should've been.
You are correct in that there is an available early termination pill that is not the Plan B pill and it can only be used if you are under 10 weeks. If you are over that timeframe abortion becomes a procedure.
Yes there is, and it's not plan b pill. You have to get it in a hospital visit, and it can only be prescribed within a few weeks (wanna say 6?), a window that most will miss before they even know they are pregnant. 

Source: my gf and I had to research this at 17. Ultimately didnt go through with anything as we figured the trauma of losing a kid would be more traumatic than having a kid alter the rest of our lives at such a young age. I can still empathize with people who do choose to go through with abortion though.
My ex and I had two abortions when her IUD failed. 

Both times she took a pill to abort the fetus.
as a man who's never even googled this -- I thought there were some chemical/pill abortions? Is that still considered a medical procedure?
seriously, that's why when you're prescribed steroids.

it's usually 6 a day

5 a day

4 a day

3 a day

2 a day

and the last pill.

and some people just don't know this.
Jesus, take a chill pill. The constant negative "vote" comments are getting old. At least be positive and say to vote.
Take this pill with a grain of salt, the sample size was only 1003 compared to some 233.7 million eligible voters across the US. So that’s 0.0000043% of voters
Essentially no one thinks that, his selling point is that he isn't Trump, and that is still a big pill to swallow because of all of his baggage (creepy interactions with children and women, 1990s crime bill, challenging people to fights, saying you aren't black if you don't vote for him, ect).

He isn't Trump. Don't pretend he is the second coming of Christ.
No way his pill numbers aren't way up
Oh I’m all about proper sex Ed. Heck I’d gladly supply birth control for free to everyone. The pill, condoms, whatever. The best way to reduce abortions is to stop unwanted pregnancies before they happen. 

As for all your other grey areas questions. You’re not giving the baby any consideration in any of those questions. Only the parents. That’s where our paths part.
&gt;Theyve got him doped up because people like him use medical emergencies to engage in drug seeking behavior (ofc no alcohol, Trump is a pill and powder man).

Also because they need their figurehead out there and don't give a fuck about the long-term ramifications about his health.
Honestly I find a small number of sensible people and lots of people who have entrenched views all over. The most common ones at each end are, the morning after pill is abortion and “it’s just a clump of cells”. I would say, as a general rule, there is very little understanding of science in most of the population whatever their background or education.
This.
Will.
Never.
Happen.

Democrats will water down $15 so much, with loopholes and carve outs for individual states. The wage wont get enforced by anyone!

We have a corrupt corporate controlled regulatory structure. Just watch the Robert's court say that minimum wage laws are 'unconstitutional'. Watch the NLRB or department of labor toothless enforcement powers destroy your precious $15 minimum wage.

Just look at how Florida is able to pay $2.25 an hour. Once the minimum wage starts going up, the loopholes will multiply. People under certain ages will not qualify. It wont be indexed to inflation, and given Democrats track record on the minimum wage, which is actually pretty horrible, it will be another 10-15 years before it is increased again.

Everything that does any good for America's is ALWAYS a poison pill, like Obamacare that did some good, it also ignored TONS of bad things like prescription drug prices and did little to control premiums and deductibles. 

What people really should be fighting for now is $20 minimum wage, indexed, with a very fast phase-in period, raising it immediately to $15 and including UBI.

This economy is at rock bottom, and Democrats in congress will NEVER support anything beyond what people ask for, so we must ask for A LOT MORE than we currently are.

Mark my words, any substantial change to improve American's lives will be met with violent and vicious blowback from corporate interests, republicans and wall street and the right-wing shadow government.
&gt; watching his pill numbers drop

Perfect typo is perfect.
&gt;Trump is a pill and powder man). 

A man of culture.
Right now he's high as fuck, which is why he said he feels 20 years younger. 

Theyve got him doped up because people like him use medical emergencies to engage in drug seeking behavior (ofc no alcohol, Trump is a pill and powder man).
He's absolutely lost any and all tact that he used to have. Even he would understand how bad cutting off the relief negotiating would look. But he's drugged up, watching his nominee not get their seat before the election, watching people report on his failing health, watching his entire team fall apart around him with covid diagnosises, watching his pill numbers drop, just generally watching it all implode. He's acting like a drugged up baboon that's cornered by animal control and ready to start clawing at anything and throwing shit like his life depends on it, because frankly, it does. Few things are more dangerous than a wounded, cornered, rabid animal.
Then the "Plan B" pill is acceptable because there's no implantation.
The only people I know who support Tulsi also have pill popping problems.
IUDs are pretty magical. My wife has tried several different contraceptives throughout our 10 years together. Not necessarily for the protection, (because i can always wear a rubber), but because she has awful periods. All of them but her IUD have had bad side effects for her. With the IUD, no side effects (or if there are they've been minimal - I don't want to speak too much for her), no periods, and haven't needed a condom in several years!

I also recognize they may not work for for everyone, but man it's like night and day compared to the pill or nuvaring.
It just destroys you, doesn't it? I wasnt even there very long but I was finally making okayish money just like you. Then just...gone...


It's still tough to swallow that pill seven months later. I feel your pain, man. I really do
&gt;Trump will have a prop pill bottle with “hidroksyklorakwin” scrawled in Sharpie in his next video.

The fact he can't say Yosemite or most words, but can perfectly pronounce HDQ means he shouldn't be trusted about it.
I have a neighbor who is a rabid Trump supporter. There's so much MAGA shit on his lawn that you can barely see green (and, mind you, I live in a neighborhood about 25% populated with immigrants, so I'm sure part of his display is a giant middle finger to them.)

I left earlier and everything was in place.

I came back a couple hours later and he was lowering his Trump flag with a couple signs already taken down.

My neighborhood is working class people. We've been hit *hard* since March. A lot of us have the banks breathing down our necks for our homes or our cars. I've already noticed a few boats, campers, and second cars have disappeared for good from people's drives. A lot of us were hoping for a second stimulus to get us through, to save our houses or cars or just help tide is over until we can get back to work.

This is a very difficult pill for most people in our neighborhood to swallow. And I'm betting Trumpfan down the street isn't the only one feeling betrayed.
He doesn't support what Trump is doing, but he wants Trump to keep being president? That makes no sense. He's just pandering to his red pill/incel fanboys.
It'll be a pill targeting those already working and small businesses. He actually left the unemployed out...purposely.
But this doesn’t read as strong. This reads crazed, careless, and indifferent to plight of the people that he was elected to serve. 

Edit: Even for his base, this might be a tough pill to swallow if he maintains course.
I genuinely thought that the trump admin was going to do monthly recurring stimulus payments to save their chances at the election when the pandemic got as bad as it did. 

2020 has made me realize that politicians don’t actually know any better than the average moronic voter. I guess I “swallowed the black pill”.
Here's a sharpie for signing this letter, then you get this pill.  This is the fountain of youth stuff.  The real stuff.  Jared, Ivanka, Mark - Mark you have Melania's poa right? Wilbur's letter and the rest?  Cool.  Melania, do ja agree?

That's where we are.  'Murica, fuck fucking no.
What a psychopath. Anyone politically savvy, let me know if I’ve got this right, because it sounds like a poison pill to me:

He’s holding the country hostage. You want stimulus that the Fed just said was needed to save the economy? Your choices are vote for me and get it November or vote for Biden and get it mid-January. 

If they were to pass it now, you could still vote for Biden and not destroy the country. He’s trying to ensure that voting against him leads to economic ruin. A true patriot!
You could easily say the same about the bill the Senate brought to the floor previously which was a paltry 600 billion.   Plus Mitch is intent on stuffing the poison pill of liability shields into the Senate bill.  

I am surprised Wall St seemed so confident more stimulus was coming based on how far apart the two sides have been.  Even if the Democrats had accepted the Mnuchin offer there’s no guarantee, or even likelihood, that that offer passes the Senate.  

The House has passed two bills, the Senate hasn’t even managed to pass one, it seems like the ball should’ve been in their court to pass something and throw it back at the House.
It's like he started a war, and then retreated to his bunker to record a video saying "you'll all be fine!".

No "we" fucking won't, you psychotic pill-popping antichrist.
Let's not underestimate how much an effect all these hardcore medications are having on his brain right now. You can see clear mood swings just from his tweets. The opioids have worn off and he's now roid raging. This is not the temperament the "leader of the free world" should have. 

Remember in House of Cards the President resigns because it is leaked he took one chill pill or something?
Trump will have a prop pill bottle with “hidroksyklorakwin” scrawled in Sharpie in his next video.
Don' t forget they even brought Jason Miller out again to shill for this on the talkies...

" In 2018 Miller was accused of drugging his mistress with an [abortifacient](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortifacient)  drug, by blending a pill into a fruit smoothie. The ensuing controversy  cause him to leave his position as a political commentator on CNN. 

 In 2019 Miller admitted in court that he had a history of visiting [prostitutes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitute) and patronizing "Asian-themed" massage parlors. "
Is that Ronny Jackson, the pill distribution king?
I don’t understand why he did not do time for that. The woman he slipped the abortion pill to was hospitalized. When I search I see accused and losing a defamation case related to the crime but I don’t see trial or results.
To provide a counterpoint to your argument, I would suggest that most young people (under 30) will always lack experience &amp; knowledge. 

The skills acquired through education &amp; experience are greatly enhanced, only as one gains the knowledge acquired by a period of practical experience.  Those in their teens &amp; 20's will never have the same set of skills, experience, or education as "pants poopers" provide. Nor will they posses the wisdom of having those experiences. 

For example, how many people over the age of 40 do you see playing &amp; loving the Cardi B song WAP? Far fewer than the 20 something, pill popping &amp; pronoun changing crowd. Why? Because it takes experience &amp; knowledge to understand just how shitty of a song it is, &amp; how foolish one looks when trying to look sexy playing the song. 

So while the 20 something and younger crowd is the most affected when policy makers make some bad choices, just remember; at least we're not falling off cliffs, getting run over by cars, or injuring/killing ourselves for a god damn selfie.
Someone definitely took their stupid pill today.
What the fuck. The entire country of Canada has like... Over a week of early voting. You can stroll in from 8am-8pm any day in the week and a bit before the election and vote with basically no lines. You can use a utility bill or a prescription pill bottle as supplemental ID. They clearly don't want people to vote in Kentucky like they do in a proper democracy.
It works for some people better than others, but the science behind it is the better takeaway. I hate doing it and my wife won't do the pill but I at least understand fertility now
People grossly understate just how much of a poison pill Hillary Clinton was. Her unfavorability rating was so high, and before Bernie picked up steam there was just token opposition in O'Malley it felt so staged.
Nope, the other nazi Miller. Easier to look at but just as disgusting to listen to.

Edit: [Nazi Miller who tricked his gf into taking emergency contraception when she told him she was pregnant.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/michellekaminsky/2019/08/31/federal-judge-rules-splinters-abortion-pill-story-concerning-jason-miller-was-fair-and-true/#18f2f409112c)
It was between The Pill and HIV.
President Pill Popper!!!
I have to figure FL and AZ have similar senior per capita rates, and they've trended different. 

And while one poll is not everything, I did see one recent FL pill broken down by age and saw Biden winning *18-34* by like 5 or 6 points. Which is much lower than what I would like in that age bracket, and Biden was *winning* among seniors by a larger margin.
Popular vote doesn't matter. We need to win the swing states. Biden has the lead, but his pill numbers in the swing states are within the polling margin of error, meaning it could go either way.

Remember you have take the margin of error, multiply it by 2 and subtract that from your candidate's lead. If Biden has a 6 point lead in a swing state and the margin of error for the poll is 4%, then in the worst case he is trailing by 2. 

Confused as to why you'd multiply the margin of error by 2? Read about it [here](https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/09/08/understanding-the-margin-of-error-in-election-polls/)
Paranoia, no sleep, visions of grandeur. It’s like a fun game of is this the Schiz or the prednisone? Haha but he has severe rheumatoid arthritis so he’s on a cocktail of intense drugs.. he is definitely not energetic and able to “run a marathon” but he can slowly walk and move a bit, without it he wouldn’t be able to. He’s taken it daily for years but I’m sure a milder dose if the crash would be bad? I’m not a doctor, I didn’t realize prednisone was so intense tbh. He’s taken it for as long as I remember it just was another pill.. TIL! I’m going to go call him and see how he is today
But Biden is barely on the left so unless his dad is super far right (and it doesn’t sound like he is) I don’t see why Biden should be such a hard pill to swallow. He’s boring. He’s normal. He’s moderate.
Thanks. I don’t have adhd, but it was prescribed to me as a way to address prolonged lethargy. It provides some physical energy, but doesn’t address my lack of mental energy, it seems.

I’ve had 3 friends complain about vicodin (not actually sure if it was Vicodin or straight hydrocodone they took, my oral surgeon gave me a bottle of hydrocodone and acetaminophen each). Two have no experience with drugs at all, could have an effect.

Regarding antidepressants, yeah, for sure. I was very patient and of the firm understanding that it wasn’t a magic pill, but in conjunction with therapy, could be effective. But after taking so many for so long with no effect, even subtle, I just found myself getting fed up. I still defer to the experts though, currently on Effexor, lamictal, and Wellbutrin.
I really like this idea.  I'd stipulate that the 'paid' part of the paid day off be contigent on actually voting.  It would motivate a lot of people who typically don't vote to participate, and would be an easier pill to swallow for business owners who would resent paying a day's wage to some employees that would spend the day at home playing video games and not voting.  Mandating a day off that week (regardless of whether you vote) and making it paid (if you voted) feels like a healthy balance of opportunity and incentivization.
I just think men on steroids are too emotional to hold office. He might pop a pill and start a war, just that time of the month, ya know?
Eat something immediately after. With enough practice you get it down with the right amount of water so it doesn’t touch the back of your throat and the the taste isn’t sitting at the back of your throat for hours. I mean hopefully you don’t have to take that much. It’s not a pleasant drug. I also never realized how dangerous it was until an ER dr put me on a high dose for 3 days and didn’t taper off, I went into the worst withdrawal. I contacted 2 doctors but no one would believe me. Thankfully I had a few pills left over (because I’m an idiot and never realized the dangers of not tapering off properly) and just tapered myself off. Symptoms went away instantaneously after I took a pill. I hate doctors sometimes...
I have been on high doses of steroids for Multiple Sclerosis relapse management. Prednisone, solumedrol, I don’t even remember what else. It made me so irritable that the first time a doctor came in to diagnose me, I apparently cursed the man out. I also don’t remember that. It’s been related to me by family. It’s not a pleasant experience. It takes multiple supplemental medications to make it even tolerable. 

Ive also been given decadron in pill form to taper off the high doses of the other stuff. It’s also not a pleasant experience. The only  two things I can remember are once just busting out in a freestyle rap that went on for a couple minutes. My family was in the car with me and were stunned. It was so out of character and after I was done I was back to just being hangry.

I also don’t usually react strongly emotionally to stories in video games. Like I can commiserate and empathize with whatever is going on. But being on decadron as a taper, I played Gone Home. It’s a story based game where you uncover what’s been going on as your character was out of the country. &gt;!Your sister gets in a relationship and such. It’s a very sad tale. I was crying as I ran from room to room to find the next pieces of the story, hoping she was still alive. Even thought at the very beginning you’re told she’s just fine. !&lt;
I never have been as emotional as that evening playing that game. I can’t even try to play it again. The steroids messed me up so bad. I even managed to fall asleep that night.
Am no doctor but had to take Prednisone for asthma problems too. It seems prednisone and prednisolone should be taken just after waking up because they’re somehow influencing our bodies circadian rhythm. 

Had to take em for a whole week. I remember I had to warn my coworkers I was taking “my little magic pill” and that I would be annoyingly energetic that day.

I felt awesome and super productive.

Edit: doctors... are those addictive?
I took prednisone after getting really bad poison oak. It was like drinking 10 cups of coffee in one pill. The taper down sucks hard tho.
I’m borderline/depressed. Tried every antidepressant, anti anxiety, and anti psychotic they make.

Adderal is not that special. I felt great the second day due to the euphoric effects but eventually it just became another meaningless pill that had no discernible effect on my life.

I’m a bit of a rarer case, though, as borderline is specifically hard to treat.
Yes, it paid for one aspirin pill
This guy slipped his gf an abortion pill
President Pill Popper!!!!
The schedule - I had chemo every two weeks for 4 months. On the day of the infusion I was given IV steroids before the chemo drugs. Then for the two days following the infusion I took it in pill form. The third day I would crash hard, be sick for the next 4 or so, start to feel better, then go back in for the next infusion.
trump hasn't "defeated" jack shit.  Maybe the medical staff who are treating him have, but all he's done is lie there being his usual pill of a self and congratulating himself for breathing on his own.
The entire point is he doesn't see this as special treatment for being POTUS.  This is the same man who thought you needed an ID to buy groceries.  He hasn't got a fucking clue what the poor "suckers and losers" not lucky enough to be born rich have to deal with. Hard pill to swallow, but it's true.
Did they say how much his dose was? I've had pill form of what he took, high dose prednisone and solumedrol ivs, somewhat regularly. Makes me into asshole, I don't get much sleep and I feel hungry all the time. Definitely wouldn't say I feel high.
&gt; On the other side of the coin, people sometimes make the assertion that MDs are “pill-pushers” or otherwise don’t see the whole patient. That’s also a mischaracterization.

Fair, but I feel like *some* clapping back is warranted, given how the premise for this post was all the people claiming DOs aren't real doctors
Not sure why people are upset about this. He's the fucking POTUS, whether you like him or not any president would get top notch medical treatment. The average American doesn't have the secret service providing a private security detail everywhere they go either. Or a personal airplane or helicopter to take them anywhere they need to go. Or a caravan of bullet proof SUVs to ride in.

Even if you, understandably, hate the guy, his life is more important than the average citizen. Might be a hard pill to swallow but its true
I like the clarification re: DOs and MDs equally qualified because it is absolutely true. On the other side of the coin, people sometimes make the assertion that MDs are “pill-pushers” or otherwise don’t see the whole patient. That’s also a mischaracterization. We all look at the entire patient. Osteopathic training adds very specific [training](https://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/consumer-health/expert-answers/osteopathic-medicine/faq-20058168) in certain procedures like manual manipulations for musculoskeletal pain. But for almost everything, care from an MD and DO will not be appreciably different.
About 40% of the American people are completely unreachable by logic, common sense, empathy, or basic human decency. That's been the hardest pill for me to swallow.

Slightly more than half are decent, reasonable people and there is a small percentage in the middle no one can figure out.  


I'll note that there is a huge gender divide. Somewhere between 60-70% of women disapprove of Trump. The bulk of his support continues to come from white men.
There was a pill today with 12000 LV that say Biden winning every age group now, and having majorities in all except the boomer age group.
This is kinda scaring me lol, I’m on prednisone for an upper respiratory infection (antibiotics too, don’t worry), and I definitely have noticed I’ve been a little moody, but nothing like what people are saying! I have 1 pill left, so fingers crossed I don’t turn insane
That gives more fodder for Democrats to push to add seats to the Court. If Republicans lose their majority in the election and push forward with Barrett's nomination and confirm her to SCOTUS, then an election that has suddenly become hinged on the open seat ceases to be a poison pill with the perpetual moderate voters for Democrats considering adding seats to the court if they win.
Fucking  revoke his medical license.   What an embarrassment.  He's no better than a doctor running a pill mill.
Oh no doubt,  coming down from a steroid treatment will fuck you up for weeks. Like the scary thing is if Trumps an addict to uppers he'll want more of the same treatment that fixed him before, not comprehending that it's emergency to alleviate inflammation. You can't take steroids long term. Trump won't understand that.  He's like a child. It hurts now give me more i need it. And he'll get them even if Trump has to call up a pill doctor.
Modern training pretty universally agrees that Xanax is a terrible way to address panic and anxiety chronically.  Maybe for the rare plane ride or MRI claustrophobia.  If someone must be on a daily benzo clonazepam is the least worst.  When some patient turns up on daily Xanax, we all look up who the prescriber is and mentally add him to the "pill mill idiot" section of the rolodex.
So let me get this straight. Since I've contributed *over* the threshold of $750 in federal taxes, I'm eligible to receive the same level of care as this nitwit? Okay I won't be scared thank you dear leader. 


Edit: I'm willing to pitch in another $100 out of pocket if I can also get the 20 year strength fountain of youth pill. That would be great. Thanks.
&gt;The problem is that I see tons of people who are giddy at the prospect of him dying in a hospital bed, choking on fluid in his lungs, and they are downright STOKED about it.

Every politician who helped sabotage our response needs this. Letting them eat the pill they divvied out is the closest thing to justice we could possibly get.

Them dying could save a hundred thousand Americans, people who didn't sacrifice others for profit and personal gain.
I just want this election to be over with.  I want to cast my early vote and take a sleep till January 21st pill.
Imagine Trump, demanding that his doctors make him well but also refusing to do any of the things they tell him to do to treat the COVID. He's such an ignorant baby that I'm sure he thinks that the doctors can just give him a pill and he's cured but he just needs to demand it more, or harder, or whatever. And he's probably firing doctors one by one because he's still sick, demanding each doctor give him more steroids or whatever. He'll end up like Michael Jackson with the Propofol.
True. Condoms or the pill should be available for everyone these days.
Is this a genuine question? This isn't some sort of weird troll bait is it?

A serious answer: no one. There are a few that I despise but not to the point where I'm frothing with anger and making/sharing memes with thinly veiled racism/sexism/violence like many on the right so. 

Although I'm very active on this and other political subs, once the phone's in my pocket or my laptop is closed I usually just go about my life. 

Sure, there are a few men who get a higher level of hate from me because they're active in destroying our country (Trump, McConnell, Barr, the guy at the bus stop who told me my pants looked stupid). Even then the same principle mostly applies. I try not to let them throw me into a blind rage. 

Ideally, I'd like for people to know that what they're doing isn't OK and that there is a better option. I'm not a big "both sides!!" person, and my political beliefs probably align more with people itching for some sort of revolution, but I think it's important to give your votes this year to the person with the best chances of getting Trump the help hell out of office. 

Biden wasn't my first choice. He wasn't my second or third choice. I still have some concerns about a potential Biden presidency. However, again, a vote for him is the best way to get Trump out. You might disagree and that's OK. I won't shame anyone who votes third party or doesn't vote at all, but I will question your motives. 

Get Trump out. Then, that's when we as citizens come in. Keep Biden's feet to the fire. Vote more progressive candidates in state and local elections. Get involved in our communities. 

Create the America we want to see. Not because I think it will suddenly catch on and the nation changes overnight. But because it'll start normalizing  concepts that we in the US consider far left. "Access to free/affordable food, community mutual aid, and an education that benefits all? That's that socialism shit you guys been screaming about?"

Then again I'm probably being naive. 

Anyway, this pill I found at the park is wearing off. Y'all beautiful for coming to my TED Talk.
The woman reportedly ended up in a coma as a result of bleeding caused by the pill.  

The fetus isn't really the issue.
Nah because I wear a mask, wash my hands, use hand sanitizer and social distance.

You know, the shit you're supposed to do.

Here's some water to wash down that hard to swallow pill.
So basically we have no idea if it works, they could have given him a sugar pill and it wouldn't make a difference.

&amp;#x200B;

?
I remember Tom Arnold made the accusation when Trump was doing his Apprentice reality show. And there is a photo of Trump in the Oval Office (I think) with a drawer open next to him that is full of pill boxes. Supposedly the pills are from overseas so they are higher dose or something as well.
Right after the abortion pill smoothie
Oh, the Jason Miller who allegedly slipped his mistress an abortion pill?
I was on Dex for 8 weeks following the removal of a brain tumor.
30 minutes after swallowing that pill, you turn into the Hulk. No pain, hair trigger rage, hungry AF. When it wears off all of the effects it put off come crashing down on you immediately.

Every day was a roller coaster of emotions as volatile as dynamite. You can get addicted and you must be weaned off of it.

This man still has control of our government and the launch codes for nukes. My God.
Isn't that the guy that tried to slip his mistress an abortion pill without her consent?
Dexamethasone makes you antsy. 

I took it in pill form before each round of chemo but one time I forgot to take it at home and the chemo nurse had to give it to me in the office, before I could get my infusion.

Now, imagine a tired, bald, cancer patient hopping out of her infusion chair and pacing the floor, yammering a mile a minute. That's IV dex for ya.
&gt; abortion smoothie

I assume you mean a smoothie with an abortion pill inside and not something involving a fetus and a blender
I guess that's kinda my point, where even if 90% people don't have a reaction to a drug there's still 10% might, and that can be significant if the reaction is bad enough like it may be with Dex.  A lot of times when you mention that to doctors it's 'oh well most people tolerate it just fine', which is technically true but doesn't mean it's without dangers for some people.  

 I don't know why my doctor gave me Augmentin and I actually never had a test to confirm SIBO.  I normally have IBS-C and gastroparesis and both seemed to be acting up for a few months.  I initially asked for amoxicillin only.  I had previously been given a scrip for strep throat and it basically cured most my IBS issues for a good 2 years, plus I handled it pretty well when I normally have trouble with antibiotics because I get so nauseated. I'm only 100lbs so I'm always concerned when they put me on the same dose a 250lb dude would get.  My doctor did give me Rifaxamin recently but after the last experience with antibios, I'll hold off until I'm at deaths door.

Maybe I'm just bitter but I've had a lot of drugs thrown at me over the years that doctors acted like it was no problem and they ultimately gave me issues.  Even half a pill of Benadryl will completely mess me up lol. I think I just don't react as well as others and I'm sure the gastroparesis/slow motility doesn't help either.  I think some people are just more sensitive or just built differently, which can suck if you get a drug that knocks you on your butt and your doctor acts like you're being a baby.
An antibody coctail that is still in the experimental stage and not approved for clinical use is not standard procedure. You don't give dexamethasone as a pep pill, you give it to reduce inflammation.
Can I get some feedback on this idea?

The president is mostly fine. He's not great, but not close to death. The antibody/remdesivir cocktail is standard procedure for managing viral presence. Trump still needs to keep his campaign morale up so he takes low dose dex as a pep pill before his Twitter vids. He *may* not go home tomorrow (we all saw the cough suppression in his first vid) but has a really good chance of returning by Tuesday.

He'll be fine. But a bunch of other old GOP people got it too and there's a solid chance one of them has a severe case that makes the news anyway.

Edit: "standard procedure" for docs of someone who absolutely CANNOT die.
Isn't this the guy that slipped his girlfriend an abortion pill then admitted frequenting prostitutes? Trump only hires the best.
Is the abortion pill for strippers the same too Jim?
Pill form? Far different efficacy than IV injection.  Don’t take it for long man.
Abortion (pill) smoothies sounds like breakfast on Epstein’s private island.
I think "abortion pill smoothie" would be a better phrase to use. I had no idea what you were talking about until I read someone else's comment.
Ultimately, I do agree. Although he definitely went easy in relative to a *normal* candidate. How much of a softball is “will you condemn white supremacy?” I mean, unfortunately, that was a tough one for Trump. Any other republican backed by racists could have easily lobbed that one. 

And to point out, asking Trump to condemn racists isn’t meant to call out racists, it’s to comfort those suburban whites that just need him to say it out loud so they can say they aren’t racist voting for him. Just halfass a response that allow suburban voters to swallow your pill, *and he still couldn’t do that.*
Stop booking this man. It's not that hard.

He was already fired from the media for a reason. They know he had an affair and won't pay his mistress' child support. They know he slipped an abortion pill into a stripper's smoothie who he got pregnant. The press KNOWS who Jason Miller is.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason\_Miller\_(communications\_strategist)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Miller_(communications_strategist))

They also know all he does is lie. He's one of the worst Trump toadies. Why are the networks and cable news allowing this man to come on?

If the Trump campaign wants to send him, you tell them no, send another spokesperson. There is more than one consultant, official and spokesperson in the campaign. If they refuse, tell them fine. They can send no one.

Also the media is not even pretending to give both campaigns anything even approaching equal time.

The American media is AWFUL at their job. And this is Exhibit 1. When they start whining about why people think they're bad point to THIS. NBC, CNN and ABC all booked Miller today. Stop.
Just a reminder Jason Miller slipped a woman not his wife an abortion pill to terminate her pregnancy without her consent


Usually a felony
Huh..so what I’m taking away from your comment here is, that I’d be a perfect candidate to make bank off being a gay porn star. It might take a little blue pill in order for me to stay hard for the duration of filming the scenes, but hell..there isn’t much I wouldn’t do for a dollar!
A 4000 euros pay check turns into 2700 euros, it’s not negligible.

I think people here are comparing the French system with the current American system. The American system is fucked in more ways than one. First, everything is insanely expensive, like a ibuprofen pill is charged $20 at the hospital, an ambulance ride is $1000, etc. If you don’t fix that first, the added taxes will have to be a lot more than people think.

Both problems need to be fixed. France has both kinda fixed but here we always talk about taxes + single payer system, that’s not the whole story.
&gt;	“I think the drive by thing he just did is potentially a symptom of Dexamethasone. In addition to warning of mood changes my surgeon told me it makes you feel like I could bike up Mt. Tam or run a marathon right after brain surgery when I still had staples in my head,” Dauber wrote.

Great...why do I get the feeling Trump just found a new fun pill to combine with his recreational use of adderall...
Right, you have to taper from high IV doses to lower and eventually to pill form, in my experience. 

I would discharge patients with the MD instructions on how to taper at home. Not something you want to drop suddenly.
I wish the GOP took Covid as seriously as Jason Miller took his impregnated stripper! Or not. I guess what I'm trying to say is that Jason Miller knocked up a stripper and then drugged her drink with an abortion pill.
Dude slipped his side GF an abortion pill so his wife wouldn't find out he was cheating. 

His soul is so dirty this is the only work he can get paid to do.
Jason Miller:

2 affairs
1 attempted drink spiking with abortion pill
Doesn’t pay child support

Why the fuck does he get airtime?
I added a [link](https://www.newsweek.com/former-trump-aide-administered-abortion-pill-1134501) in the original comment but the short of it is

&gt;The filing goes on to claim that Miller showed up at Jane Doe's apartment with a smoothie in hand.

&gt;Unbeknownst to Jane Doe, the Smoothie contained an abortion pill. The pill induced an abortion, and Jane Doe wound up in a hospital emergency room, bleeding heavily and nearly went into a coma," the document reads.
He's gonna give her a pill to shut her up.
How fucking disgusting by CNN to have on an ex-employee who was fired from the network because he put a miscarriage-inducing pill into a smoothie and gave it to a woman he knocked up.  Unbelievable!  You're a scoundrel, Jeff Zucker!
No, his real specialty is [slipping abortion pills into his girlfriend's smoothies](https://www.newsweek.com/former-trump-aide-administered-abortion-pill-1134501).
The doctor will be prescribing him a sedative if this keeps up.

" Ok Mr. President, time for your pill...."
When my mother had a near-terminal allergic reaction to a pill, the one time I was allowed to see her (at a distance through a window), she was surrounded by a circle of like six doctors all taking notes and saying things to the effect of "yes... very interesting" "quite remarkable" and "unique erythemal development patterns." When they came out later to compare notes (and call in a bunch of med students to come look through the window), I tried asking them about the prognosis and the lead doctor just went "oh no, we cannot make an updated prognosis yet, the case is just so interesting." I was pretty upset, since she was clearly suffering, but I was able to hold it in since I am a researcher myself and know how they have to keep a certain professional distance. Thank God there was minimal necrosis so she could recover.
This guy, Jason Miller, is a deadbeat dad, admits to frequenting prostitutes and have a girlfriend the abortion pill without her knowledge.   Why is he even on tv?  No credibility.
&gt; Misogynsts lifted "The Red Pill" from the movie The Matrix. In the film, taking the red pill meant you wake up from the simulated world of the Matrix and find yourself in a post-apocalyptic Earth.

"Red pill" (taken from the Matrix, of course) as a concept was first used in a political sense by Mencius Moldbug, the godfather of "neoreaction", which doesn't really have any connection to misogyny. But nowadays its gets used by anyone on the political right as a sort of indicator of gnosis. It's almost like the bizarro analog of being "woke".
This is bad analysis. Taking the red pill just means making the hard choice to learn the truth that is painful and hard to accept. It was used colloquially in other contexts and still is used. Has nothing to do with “woman’s world” or whatever. The matrix was just a cool movie at the time, a cultural common denominator that that generation of men would have all seen. Nobody read the movie as a transfeminist critique until recently.
Trump was designed for this pill
Is this the same alcoholic sexual harassing pill-overprescribing hack that goes along with the 6’3 240 slightly obese bullshit?
Why do people upvote this blatant misinformation? Dexamethasone is  very common, can be taken at home in pill form, and is used for a [lot of illnesses](https://medlineplus.gov/druginfo/meds/a682792.html), including far from deadly ones:

&gt; It relieves inflammation (swelling, heat, redness, and pain) and is used to treat certain forms of arthritis; skin, blood, kidney, eye, thyroid, and intestinal disorders (e.g., colitis); severe allergies; and asthma. Dexamethasone is also used to treat certain types of cancer.
I wish more people knew this. The Matrix is kind of a metaphor for being trans and that’s why I find the whole “Red Pill” group so laughable.
I don't know why they didn't stick with "Red Pill Incels".  Probably because part of their narrative is that men are being marginalized in society by the current culture, and they wanted to bridge into the "Don't Tread On Me." crowd to expand appeal into the more traditionally conservative and libertarian.  I don't know though.

I'm hoping people will go after white power next.  It's a tricky one...
Trump needs to get that wife beating pill popper who said he would love to 200 back. Straight out of central casting, boy you wouldn’t believe it
I'm never not going to reference this whenever someone brings up The Right appropriate symbols and objects from inappropriately ironic sources:

Men's Rights advocates lifted "The Red Pill" from the movie The Matrix. In the film, taking the red pill meant you wake up from the simulated world of the Matrix and find yourself in a post-apocalyptic Earth.

MRA appropriated the term and twisted it to make it mean waking up the fact that we live in a "women's world" where they have it easy and men are the ones who are marginalized. 

The part where this is ironic is that the creators of the Matrix, men at the time, came out as transgender sometime after completing the trilogy. The "Wachoski Brothers" transitioned into "Wachoski Sisters". 

But perhaps the biggest kneeslapper is that, Lilly Wachoski, not too long ago, confirmed the Matrix was a metaphor for transgender identity. To be honest, I'm not so sure if she and her sister *actually* wrote the film with that mind or is just saying that after the fact because of MRA, but if it works against their narrative, then that works for me. 

https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/matrix-trans-metaphor-lana-lilly-wachowski-red-pill-switch-sequels-a9654956.html
The problem with all the lies is, even if you are actually telling the truth, how are we really supposed to believe it? He lied before, so why should we not believe he is not lying now? 

&gt;“I was trying to reflect the upbeat attitude that the team, the president, that his course of illness has had,” he said. “I didn’t want to give any information that might steer the course of illness in another direction.” 

Because covid responds to lies? Or any illness for that matter? Outside of the placebo effect I don't see how that could work, and that is if you equate a sugar pill to blowing smoke up everyone else's ass. 

I guess we will find out if Tuesday comes and goes and he's still there or not.
No, he prefers his stimulants in pill form.
Some fun facts about Jason Miller from his wiki page:

&gt; Miller lives near Washington, D.C. with his wife and their two daughters. He also fathered a child with A. J. Delgado during a brief extra-marital affair, born six months after his second child.

&gt; In 2018 Miller was accused of drugging his mistress with an abortifacient drug, by blending a pill into a fruit smoothie. The ensuing controversy cause him to leave his position as a political commentator on CNN.

&gt; In 2019 Miller admitted in court that he had a history of visiting prostitutes and patronizing "Asian-themed" massage parlors for handjobs.
&gt; If Trump drops to 9% and wins, that is when you start yelling at Nate Silver.

You really can/should not do that. 

If there was a pill that has 9% chance of causing fatality if you take it, would you? No, because that 9% still _can_ happen to you. 9% is way too high of a risk for me to take this pill.
Okay, let's take a crazy pill and follow this line by the WH. I'm interested to know the clearance level of the stuff he's signing. Is there a special shred bin at Walter Reed just for him? If everything is unclassified, do any of the documents contain Personal Identifying Information (PII), and if so how is he mitigating that when he throws it away/allows people to take pics of it? If nothing he's looking at has a clearance-- considering he's POTUS, it can't be particularly important work, can it?
Is that the same guy that had a pregnant wife, and two pregnant mistresses? And then tricked one of them into an abortion by putting a pill in her shake? 

https://youtu.be/Sipyju4GCAM
Says Jason Miller. Only the best people folks.
     
   
https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/
Oof, this coming from a guy who forced the woman he was having an affair with to take a morning after pill.  Nice timing.
And that story reminds me of a signing of tax documents that also turned out to be blank reams, bookended by prop pages.  

Or the Mar-A-Lago SotU photos of him "writing" the speech with a sharpie and two sheets of paper.  

Or of his forged letter to the editor, calling himself Carolin, and claiming to be his own secretary, claiming that Trump is such a ladies man he's being swamped by calls from women wanting to be his lover.

Or of his forged medical reports, that he writes, and unethical osteopaths and pill pushers pretend they wrote.  

Or of his photographs of competing hotels, used in his marketing of as-yet-unbuilt properties he's trying to fleece deposits on.  

Or of his idea to skip whole sections of floor numbers so he can claim a deceptive number of floors by just mention the falsely inflated number of the highest floor.
This is a biased poll lmao. I didn’t get asked to take the pill, where’s my vote? I don’t care for either side cause it’s all a shit show but they only asked or took the answers from people they wanted to hear from or agreed with them enough to make it look like a huge difference. We can’t trust anything the MSM puts out. No one tells the full truth.
Jason Miller was accused by one of his mistresses of slipping her an abortion pill in a smoothie when he found out she was pregnant. I don't really think he's the person you want to send out when trying to claim the moral high ground.
[https://www.thecut.com/2018/09/jason-miller-departs-cnn-abortion-pill-drugging-allegation.html](https://www.thecut.com/2018/09/jason-miller-departs-cnn-abortion-pill-drugging-allegation.html)
Hey Jason Miller.

Remember that time you drugged the woman you were cheating on your wife with, with an abortion pill?

https://www.newsweek.com/former-trump-aide-administered-abortion-pill-1134501
I remember.
You mean the Jason Miller who refuses to pay child support, slipped a morning after pill to one of his mistresses and had two affairs with prostitutes while his wife was pregnant with his child?  That Jason Miller?
I wonder if it would in Trump's case given he actively promoted misinformation and said the virus affected almost nobody fairly recently. Assuming he makes a full recovery in two weeks or at least appears to be fully recovered, he will still have the fallout from the infection ripple he caused as more infected are linked to him and his staff. He will also have to handle whether he continues to brush off the seriousness after he was hospitalized for days at taxpayers' expense as the death toll rises or do an about face and admit to his supporters he was wrong and it's as serious the experts in his own administration and the Democrats have been saying. I know Trump supporters worship him, but that's a pretty big pill to swallow dry.
Poll after pill after pill demonstrating the problem isn't Trump, it's Republicans.
Over 95% of abortions are lifestyle related. Nobody, literally nobody is saying that in a case where the womans life is in danger that they cannot terminate the pregnancy.  

What we are trying to stop, is people having unprotected sex, not using the day after pill (plan b) and then finding out they are pregnant, and then deciding to wait a few months before terminating it. It's fucking disgusting that people do this, as it's completely avoidable.
Gilead is the maker of the preventative hiv pill called Truvada. This is also known as PREP or Pre Exposure Prophylaxis. Lots of people take this blue pill every day to help reduce chances of getting hiv.
Orange pill?
pre exposure prophylaxis. prevents HIV a simple pill! more effective than condoms when taken every day

it's fucking insanely expensive though. the shitty part is Gilead will refund any amount you pay out of pocket (which is thousands...) just so they can charge even more to insurance - which we're all paying for.

FUCK Gilead in particular on this one Truvada is just two existing drugs combined they shouldn't be able to charge $2000 for a month of it.

oh and also it does not help poor people who can't wait 8 weeks to get their $2k (4k maybe) back
He is obese and old and probably on heaps of meds already including stuff for his mini-strokes a few years back.

Its not a simple case

You can give him a pill but who the fuck knows considering what else is going inside that thing
It's not so bad. Just one pill a day and you live a full lifespan. Maybe even longer than most since you get bloodwork done more often than the average person. You can catch things like cancer earlier that way They are coming out with a once a month injection soon and between CAR T cells and CRISPR, a functional cure is on the horizon.

But it does suck for those girls, don't get me wrong
As a person who lost their dad to AIDS I will say that contracting HIV now does not ruin your life. OF COURSE it’s wrong to knowingly infect someone but today it’s considered a chronic condition that is easily managed by one pill a day. That pill makes it almost impossible to contract AIDS or give it to someone else
Pretty sure he's the guy who put a Plan B type pill in his pregnant girlfriend's smoothie without her knowledge.
Why oh why didn’t I take the blue pill?
And the Red Pill was an actual pill for Transwomen. Premarin or Estradiol
So pill popping?
It reminds me of how misogynists appropriated the "Red Pill" from The Matrix to convey their narrative of how taking the red pill opens you to the reality that this is a "woman's world" even though the creators of the Matrix, the Wachowskis, both came out as transgender.

The Right just CAN'T come up with their original symbols and concepts and they have to do all sorts of mental contortions to make other people's fit theirs.
You’re mistaken. There are several levels of care between standard and what the President would receive. To suggest otherwise is flat out ignorant. 

Even using your own example - a ventilator is complicated to use and the same two people on the same type of ventilator might have very different outcomes depending on how skilled the doctor administering the intubation is. 

Administering treatments is its own skill. It’s far more complex than “here take this pill”. 

So yeah. You’re mistaken.
Give me the fucking pill now so I remember nothing...nothing of 2020, just make me famous maybe an actor.
Trump is a literal poison pill
I thought he was a pill popper. Didn't he get busted writing himself oxy prescriptions?
Did you read anything I wrote?

I was arguing that there are other reasons besides just wanting to “oppress women” that one might disagree with your idea of good healthcare. Maybe, just maybe, the person you are talking to has lived in France for a decade and experienced how shitty a socialized system is firsthand and believes that a privatized system would provide higher quality care without raising cost too much. Honestly, this happens every time I discuss any issues like this. People just want to reduce everything down to a useless, syrupy mess of slogans and shit you would expect to see on a protest sign. I get it though, it’s easy to just misunderstand others’ ideas and then call them opposition and fight the strawman. Unfortunately, that’s not productive for anyone. So stop it. Carefully read what I wrote, and then think. You yourself think. Don’t parrot some stupid talking points from AOC or some stupid infographic a  “woke” blue haired feminist posted on her instagram story. Actually THINK.

And yes, I do know the literature on abortion. Less than 1% are performed on incest and rape victims combined. The vast majority of women getting abortions were just irresponsible (as were the men that impregnated them). Birth control (pill) is 99% effective, and condoms are 98% effective. If you use both, the effectiveness is multiplicative and you get a pregnancy rate of .02%. Throw in some spermicidal lube and that number drops even further. It’s not that complicated to not get pregnant. All it costs is about $30/month grand total if you have sex every day. 50 cents per person.
Classic over-specified *lie*. "I didn't take your pudding from the middle compartment of the fridge between 1PM and 2PM."

His problem was that he wasn't casual about it at all and over-specified so much that my deduction the truth became obvious. 

He also said a sentence (paraphrasing here): He's currently not on medication for blood-pressure. 

This implied he's on some kind of medication to begin with but that's hardly strange for a person of his age taking at least some kind of pill.
Is this some kind of red pill thing lol?
You forget that all forms of birth control have a chance of not working, especially if you factor in human error (food poisoning when taking the pill. Condom broke). It's just odd how the remaining risk is 100% chalked up to the women in the equation by people with usernames such as RationalAtheistSkeptic11eleven. In an ideal world, sex ed would be a lot better and over the counter solutions such as the morning after pill (not fuckign ideal for the women involved) would be easy to get and ubiquitous.
Yeah, this doctor is a shill, and once he’s started shilling, he can’t be trusted. He could just focus on being a pill mill doc after his stint serving in this anti-American administration is over.
Martin Shkreli didn't go to jail for increasing the price of life saving HIV medicine by 750% per pill and boasting about it. 

He went to jail for joking that he would be willing to pay for someone to get him a lock of Hillary Clinton's hair.

Yeah. The law's priorities are F@$%ed.
Iraq wasn't humiliating for them because they easily pivoted from "WMD!!" to "uh...uh....FREEDOM TO THE IRAQIS!" which was an easy pill for Red America to swallow.
Well that was fairly predictable, I have been waiting for that narrative.

Qanon is hilarious because if any single one of them ever studio paranoid schizophrenia and archetypal delusions they'd realize they're all one pill of lithium away from some bad revelations. Shit gets real real quick when you realize your bias directs your interpretation of meaning and not the other way around. Anyways these people are crazy and dangerous.
Eh depends on people, my dad is 87, has about all the possible commorbidities, got it diagnosed as part of a mass test in his retirement home, got sent to the hospital and got nothing but 1 antipyretic pill and 1 litre of oxygen the first day and then 13 days of monitoring with no additional treatment. That was iirc back in april (could be march) and he didn’t even develop lasting side effects. So the odds are bad but just like rarely some kids die of it the oposite is also true
I took my sleeping pill and am now fighting it because this is too fucking juicy.
He must be the worst patient -- begging/bullying for experimental treatments.

And stupid -- thinking there's a magic pill/serum.

And a shit-tier executive -- absolutely no risk management and then freaking the fuck out when a crisis hits.
This whole idea is stupid.  
Unless you’re the kind of person who projects onto people, you can see what kind of person Trump is right away. She knew who he was when she met him. You don’t go to the places Trump goes and not know some sleazy shit is going on. That’s like walking into the stage of a porn shoot and being upset that people are naked.  
She was willing to swallow that pill to get to the states. She deserves to be with that traitor because she is a traitor.
One pill at the hospital is worth more than what he paid in taxes!
When we talk about drugs the dose is the amount of active ingredient. A 200mg pill of ibuprofen weighs more than 200mg due to fillers and other inactive ingredients. Same with IV dosing. The saline that is often used drug admixtures would make the total liquid injection mass much more than the dose of whatever drug you are trying to utilize with the saline.
Isn’t bragging about how close minded you are and then calling any conservative supporter a “red pill taker” or whatever pretty hypocritical
I hate this fucken timeline, why was the blue pill so bloody tempting.
Throwing in my agreement. I fucking love Bernie, but we need to swallow a pill of realism here. Real, stable change happens in steps. The ACA was another step towards Universal Healthcare. Biden will take us even closer.
Hmm, so that miracle pill hydroxychloroquine didn't work after telling everyone it did?

Who would've thought...
Yeah- I don’t believe he has it. I think it’s a good excuse to get out of the next debates and deflect from his wife’s tapes that came out. Then he is going  to have a miraculous recovery and claim he told his Miracle pill that doctors have already told us doesn’t work.
Nah Ronnie got fired for being a pill pusher and is now running for senate or house or something in Texas.
The big pill everyone who sees this as a 'win' needs to swallow is that they are going to get this virus because Trump has exposed everyone, even the King himself.

It's another massive fail during Massive Fail Week.
Honestly, I think Pence might be more dangerous than Trump.
All the hardcore Trump fans would still support Pence and he has all the same loyalties/puppet masters.

But Pence is an easier pill to swallow for all the undecided/independent/closet Republicans that might have been just a little too disillusioned with Trump to vote Republican this time around.

And I think he’s just smart enough not to say all the quiet parts out loud or at least keep the Twitter rants to a minimum.
He is going to take some new pill and recover right away; then downplay the severity of the virus.
Honestly Pence is a much much easier pill to swallow for American suburbs. I don't know why the GOP didn't just impeach Trump, install Pence, use the "witch hunt" narrative to their benefit this entire year to rally the base.
Perhaps he and Melania will take a cyanide pill in order to avoid losing the election.
No, it wasn't. The individual mandate was mentioned as a poison pill unconstitutional idea by the Heritage Foundation before it was ever included in the ACA. That's not the same thing as it being a Republican idea, let alone all of the trainwreck that the other thousands of pages of "the secretary shall define" nonsense prescribed.  
  
Millions liked their doctors and didn't get to keep them.
And the poison pill that My Pillow swindler is pawning
Yeah “God” does it while the priest gives her an abortion tonic. So we could just say the same thing with taking an abortion pill. “God did it”.
You realize how ridiculous this apologetics sounds right? Can you at least cover the part where the thigh rots and falls away while you are lying?

Edit:

Holy shit look what webmd says about wormwood


Pregnancy and breast-feeding: Wormwood is LIKELY UNSAFE when taken by mouth during pregnancy in amounts greater than what is commonly found in food. The concern is the possible thujone content. Thujone might affect the uterus and endanger the pregnancy. It's also best to avoid topical wormwood, since not enough is known about the safety of applying wormwood directly to the skin.

Edit 2:

Winchester hospital on swelling


Wormwood is a shrub that has been used to flavor alcohol. The plant and the oil that comes from it have also been used to ease digestion and swelling in the body. Wormwood can be applied to the skin as an oil or cream. It can also be taken as a pill, powder, or extract. Wormwood can also be made into a tea.
She’s literally acting like no one in the country can afford the drug when in reality with insurance it costs 1$ a pill and they give away 78% of it for free with Medicare
Its the truth. Republicans need to swallow this pill and vote against this rotten pumpkin
Trump inadvertently exposed just how many dipshits, would willingly  lick the boots of fascists.

Now   is the time people start taking this shit personally. The  Republicans   and their Trump Cult will not stop, they will do anything and I mean   anything  to  put their boot on your throat. Take it personally because  it is. **It's aimed at you.**

The GOP aren't stacking the courts at every level for no reason ...

Anyone who still supports Trump and his administration and enablers in the GOP are supporting fascism. They aren't *poor misguided souls*, they aren't *lost puppies* ... they are fascists.

They      don't and won't give a fuck or be able to help, as increasingly the       checks &amp; balances are corrupted, as watchdogs get removed and      replaced by hand picked stooges,  as laws increasingly start  applying     only to *you/us* and not *them*.

If      your parents, friends, children or loved ones still support Trump,     they  are fascists. It might be a bitter pill to swallow and accept  but     people need to start coming to grips with it.

Take it personally people because I guarantee you the fascists are.
OK, first of all, how would the person that hypothetically tossed these ballots know they were for Trump or did they randomly decide to toss out these ballots?  Secondly, when "they" fond these random ballots in the "river," they just open them up instead of turning them in to the voting polls?  And finally, what type of daily pill and booze combination do you think she has so she can sleep at night?
What year is this again? I want off this pill, please end me now.
They've been using the whole red pill / blue pill thing for awhile now on the alt-right.
I will donate to a fund that helps women get to states where it's illegal, like a little pro-choice underground railroad. People find a way, and we will always find a way for the reproductive care of women. We have no choice.

There's already at least 1 program which discreetly mails you the abortion pill so you can take it as home. 

We need to fight Barret. We need to defend roe v wade. But we also need to get ready for if those things happen. Because it doesn't mean we lose, it just means we have to fight harder.
&gt;All polls, adults, registered voters or likely voters is probably fruitless for me given you missed the point entirely.

As you say the only pill that matters is election day (i.e. when people actually cast a vote).  A poll that asks includes the opinions of non voters means nothing.  It's just as meaningless to me as asking what Canadians feel about Trump.

&gt;Trump is a historically unpopular president.

Not a requirement to be president.  So, a meaningless price of trivia.
I guess, but it’s still a hard pill to swallow that in two virtually identical forums where a very easy modification could be implemented to ensure fairness, it was only done for Biden.
Palestine is not a recognized country. They are a rebel group that has been given plenty of territory and are still not satisfied. That’s like native Americans attacking us and then saying we’re the bad guys for our ancestors colonizing them. North Korea peace talks are still ongoing and will be resumed after covid. Trump tried to deal with the pandemic by banning travel from China and he was called a racist. Before that our taxes were lowered and we had extra money to spend from getting out of certain deals and putting larger tariffs on China. He is also planning on cutting big pharma and making Puerto Rico a major pill making island, which would give them an actual economy and would maybe make them eligible for statehood.
Ok. So what about when the sex is not consensual? Are rape victims supposed to wait for a sluggish justice system to convict a rapist before granting them an abortion? And don't even try that plan b pill defense. That pill isn't readily available to everyone. Is a traumatized and raped child supposed to just walk into the pharmacy and get one the day after for $50 a pop? I mean a child as young as 9 can have a period. You expect a 9 year old to know what they need to do to avoid being pregnant by someone who just raped them? I think making abortion illegal is shitty short sighted solution that's bound to backfire.
I suppose it depends on whose bible and whose form of religion you follow. In Judaism, which focuses on orthopraxy (right action), the fetus is “mere water” until roughly the seven week mark, and after that is more akin to an animal residing inside the mother until it’s head has emerged and the breath of life is breathed into it. Therefore, abortion is not only allowed but- as the sages have taught- occasionally a mitzvah, a good deed. You don’t put down an animal for no reason, but also sometimes you need to put down an animal and it’s OK. Good reasons for abortion include: financial hardship, emotional turmoil, physical hardship. 

The sages also teach that birth control is permissible as long as seed is not spilled on the ground. Therefore, the pill, IUDs, and rhythm method are all allowable. A vasectomy and pulling out is not. Condoms wouldn’t be allowable except for the principle of “live by [the laws]”, ie you MUST break laws that would endanger your health or life, and since condoms can prevent deadly illness, they are permissible. 

In an orthodoxy religion (right belief), simply the belief in Gd and the belief that a fertilized egg = a person is all that’s needed. Therefore, whatever action need be taken (shooting a doctor in church, anyone?) is allowed and encouraged.
There are plenty of ultra-libs (one of em) that grew up for a time on South Park. It's not an indoctrination pill.
They gave us $1200 to spend in the corporate stores while they closed small businesses and bailed big business out



They didn’t even bother trying to wrap the pill up in cheese
The CEO had to sweat for a few hours.

We got some vindication going here.

Revlimid still costs $763 / pill.

The CEO gets to keep his money.

This is step 1 of a much larger process that needs to be sustained.
Revlimid work in some cases but not every cases. It also has limitations (pregnancy counterindications).

In canada it appears the price for a month is about $50CAD (probably covered by insurance too) ; in europe it's covered by ss.

In the US It's $770 a pill. hahaha
&gt;an “incredible” $200 card in the mail

Will it require use of a Trump-owned pharmacy?

Can I use it to by the morning-after pill?

Do I get a discount on Trump wine?

Do I have to make a donation in order to use it?

Thoughts that go through my head as I think about a $200 card coming in the mail from Trump.
I mean that's only true as long as you believe all U.S. intelligence agencies, look at what the group has done in the recent and not so recent past, all of their comments on social media, [and the guy that started the Proud Boys telling you that they are a right-wing street gang while he's dressed up like Michael Douglas' character from *Falling Down* because that's a movie highlighting "white male grievance" but (like the Matrix and the Red Pill) uses it without realizing it was meant to be a critique at his word as well.](https://twitter.com/RexChapman/status/1311413755633381381)

Otherwise, whose to say? Maybe Antifa something something something something?
Congratulations on choosing the red pill. Welcome to reality.
It's worse than "he doesn't care about them".

He literally, actively, *wants* them to get sick and die, and is working toward that end. He's handing them a poison pill without even having the decency of calling it candy. And they're STILL eating it up. 

This is not a good time to be an American.
Think about the end-game of unrestricted, climate-denying, crony capitalism.

They want to fund the chosen few scientists to save them, by whatever means necessary. However, saving other people is just encouraging competition.

If we solved death tomorrow, and we had immortality in a pill, they would make sure that nobody could afford it.

They believe the end game is most of humanity dies, and that's okay, because they will be the ones that can afford hidden bunkers.
The DNC rolled out a centrist like they always do. Which, like I said, is why I didn’t vote for 16 years. This time the stakes are higher, and I’ll begrudgingly swallow the centrist pill if it means the difference between democracy and a dictatorship. The progressives I support and who share my values- such as AOC and Bernie- have my back here and are doing the same thing.

I’m not changing your mind, clearly. That’s ok. Like I said, hopefully there’s record turnout.
&gt; It'll be a tough pill to swallow, but did your parents always bail you out too, or were you forced to learn your lesson?

Nice one edgelord!
It'll be a tough pill to swallow, but did your parents always bail you out too, or were you forced to learn your lesson?
[This](https://nypost.com/2018/09/23/ex-trump-staffer-accused-of-slipping-abortion-pill-into-girlfriends-smoothie/) one nearly killed his girlfriend.
Oh dude there’s A LOT of them. You don’t hear from them as much because they also tend to believe in red pill bullshit and let their husbands do the talking, but trust- they’re out there.
"House Democrats on Wednesday pressed the CEOs of major pharmaceutical companies about massive price hikes.

Executives from Celgene, Bristol Myers Squibb and Teva were put on the defensive under questioning from members of the House Oversight Committee. 

Wednesday's hearing was centered on initial results from the panel's 18-month investigation. A committee staff report found that the CEOs raised prices exponentially for no reason other than to boost profits and inflate executives' bonuses.

The Democratic-led report comes just weeks before Election Day, and follows a flurry of mostly empty last-ditch efforts by President Trump aimed at showing he is taking action on drug pricing.

**Trump has made lowering drug prices a key part of his messaging for years, dating back to the 2016 campaign, but while his administration has made a range of proposals on the issue, from the “most-favored nation” program to allowing imports of cheaper drugs from Canada, it has not followed through to have any of its major initiatives go into effect yet.**  

For example, internal documents obtained by the committee found Celgene raised the price of the cancer drug Revlimid 22 times. 

The drug, approved to treat the blood cancer multiple myeloma, more than tripled in price since its launch in 2005, driven almost exclusively by the need to meet company revenue targets and shareholder earnings goals. 

In 2005, a monthly supply of Revlimid was priced at $4,515. Today, the same monthly supply is priced at $16,023, a cost of $719 per pill.

Democratic lawmakers directed their ire toward Mark Alles, the former CEO of Celgene, which is now a part of Bristol Myers Squibb after being acquired in 2019.

In 2014, for instance, Alles ordered an emergency price increase so Celgene could meet its quarterly revenue targets.

In an email, Alles wrote that disappointing sales of Revlimid were “forcing me to reconsider the 2014 pricing plan" for the drug in the U.S.

“I have to consider every legitimate opportunity available to us to improve our Q1 performance,” Alles wrote.

The company raised the price 4 percent overnight.

**During the hearing, Alles was pressed by Rep. Katie Porter (D-Calif.) to explain whether the drug has improved at all during the 15 years it has been on the market.**

**“Did the drug start to work faster? Were there fewer side effects? How did you change the formula or production of Revlimid to justify this price increase?” Porter said, as she drew the price increases on a dry erase board.** 

**“To recap here: The drug didn’t get any better, the cancer patients didn’t get any better, you just got better at making money, you just refined your skills at price gouging,” Porter said.**

Porter also pressed Alles on his compensation and bonuses tied to the increases.

In 2017, for instance, Alles received a bonus of more than $2 million. The staff report found that "without three price increases on Revlimid that year, Celgene’s revenue would have been nearly $600 million lower and executives likely would not have achieved the revenue targets needed to receive their full bonuses."

The report found that executives at Celgene and Teva specifically targeted the U.S. market for massive increases because Medicare is not allowed to negotiate drug prices.

Internal Teva documents warned that the legislative reform that posed the greatest threat to Teva’s future revenue was “Medicare Reform: Removal of government non-interference.”"
I work in an oncology department and we literally started someone on Revlimid today. It is a very effective medication but as Rep. Porter says, it's not exactly affordable as you generally take one pill per day for 3 weeks, then take a one week break. Some people end up on this schedule for life. There have been people taking Revlimid (or another thalidomide derivative) for 20 years. Finances are a big part of whether this is included in someones treatment regimen and I imagine there are a good number of patients who would benefit from Revlimid, but can't afford it.
A lot of normal people(meaning you need adderall to function) take an XR, which is designed to be abuse resistant.  Others take a pill twice daily or whatever.  


If I, who do not need it, take an 30mg XR, I start flying and will be going for like 12 hours.  If I take 3 10mg pills, I’m gonna be fucking vibrating before crashing.
 
We do need an environmental energy production boom to help recover from the oil industry collapse and trump's disasterous failure to defend the petro dollar. But here's a thing: We do in fact have an incredible "green" energy boom happening as we speak. It is real and it is larger than a lot of people on the left are willing or able to accept. 

A huge swath of exactly the energy change we need and many of us on the left have long wanted to use government to force to happen has awkwardly started to happen on its own... 

I don't think Bidden should interject symbolic rhetoric for a problem that is in many ways solving itself.  At this point he should only say what gains him votes. The words "New Deal" can only cost him votes. 

America's intact survival depends on the willingness of right wing voters to swallow a bitter pill and vote for Biden. Using AOC's openly socialist language even a single time could easily blow them off the boat and get trump re elected. 

 Any lefty at this point who says they won't vote for Biden because his enviro policy speeches aren't satisfying is either unpatriotic, delusional, immature, or just a vain asshole. 

We certainly need some wonkish policy changes at this point and a lot of good smart qualified people and groups have been working overtime for decades to prepare them. Campaigsn don;t make policy - the people who win them do.   We cannot possibly benefit form having more Vermont gasoline poured on West Texas and Colorado and Montana's electoral fires this month. We have more than enough light to see a path forward for global warming, certainly more than we ever had before. But we won't be going anywhere if we don't get passed trump and Covid-19 all the political reality of a thousand fires burning in our path.  

Using the keywords "New Deal" was a far left stunt for AOC that captured the interest of the extreme liberals and Sander's socialists very effectively. 

Using the same term now, a month out from The Day, would be political incompetence.
There's a big disparity between the higher energy Trump prior to his [unplanned trip to Walter Reed Hospital](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/11/18/20970407/trump-walter-reed-hospital-trip-explained), the low energy, almost lethargic Trump of recent press conferences, and the frenetic Trump of the debate last night.  
  
If I had to guess, Trump had some sort of stroke or heart event which threw him into the hospital. His doctors told him to lay off whatever stimulants he was taking lest he trigger another episode, be it Adderall, Sudafed, cocaine, whatever. In order to get through the debate, Trump hit the pill bottle again so he could have that energy.  
  
The problem for chronic users of drugs of any type is when they go clean for a period and then try to use the same dose they were at previously. We see this frequently with heroin users who got clean but then relapsed, taking the same amount of heroin they were used to tolerating but the dose being fatal since they had lost their tolerance. My thought is that Trump took his stimulants in the same high dose amount he was used to gobbling up for his rallies last year and it led to him being crazier than usual. If he continues it would not surprise me to see another rushed trip to Walter Reed in the future.
Trump just needs enough [forget-me-nows](https://arresteddevelopment.fandom.com/wiki/Forget-Me-Now_(pill)) for the whole country to wipe out everyone's memory of the pandemic and his shit response to it.
Organize a strike. It is the only way. If frontline workers continue to allow themselves to be taken advantage of, nothing will change. By not striking, you are consenting to the status quo, unfortunately. It’s a bitter pill, but that is our reality. If we all keep waiting for someone else to fix the mess, noting will change.
 The Evangelical churches are red pill dispensaries: 

[https://www.dw.com/en/us-religious-data-platform-targets-mentally-ill-vulnerable-people/a-55062013](https://www.dw.com/en/us-religious-data-platform-targets-mentally-ill-vulnerable-people/a-55062013)
Disagree. He has ever right to distance himself from progressives, progressives who actually give a shit right now remember the unity platform that was built by both liberals and progressives. He made the policy pill a lot easier to swallow for us and we know he never supported defunding the police or the green new deal.
Serious question here - 

As someone who most definitely leans conservative on most things but is at the end of their rope with Trump and thinks he is a horrible person and too narcissistic and immature to be a good leader. But also as someone who is extremely concerned about what a Biden presidency might mean... Increasing size of the government, increasing taxes and increased burden on the middle class, erosion of personal rights/liberties and increased regulations over every day life... Not to mention Biden has shown pretty clearly that his age is catching up with him. The worst case scenario could mean a Kamala Harris presidency which I would be even MORE concerned about.

And don't get me wrong, even aside from Trump the person I don't think Trump the president has been anything to write home about either. But even if the current situation is shitty I am not very enthusiastic about changing it to something I believe could easily be shittier just for the sake of changing. So the question remains... What should someone (and others like me, of which I know many) like myself do? Vote AGAINST my own opinions? Vote AGAINST my own self interest? Vote AGAINST what I think is right? Pretty tough pill to swallow I would say
I really think many of the white Midwest people who have pill addictions don’t think of themselves as addicts. It’s others not them their stuff is from a doctor or they justify moving to illegal drugs when an rx dries up as they need it and the doctors won’t treat them. They don’t connect that it is them he is talking about and they are the face of addiction.
Um, he practically IS a crackhead. There is no doubt in my mind that right before the debate, Trump went into the men’s room to crush-up and snort an Adderall pill. Every single picture of his eyes demonstrates the telltale sign of a speed junkie, dilated pupils.
This for me is the biggest difference. Trump refused to back down from the more extreme positions within his party. Biden swallowed the tough pill and refused to "defund the police" or endorse a "New Green Deal."
Lol I don't care cuz I'm fucking British. I don't even know what Trump said, I just saw this on my thing cuz reddit immediately put me on news and I just don't give a toss. Take a chill pill, no need for this "ready to lose" energy for someone who ain't even American.
Don't forget putting the presidential medal of freedom on a known pill popper
No, prices are not significantly lower.

FYI, though our drug prices are definitely higher than other countries, there is also an immense amount of misinformation about actual costs. "Transparency" means that people are provided information on the "list" prices of drugs vs. what the insurance is actually charging them - but the "list" prices are actually insanely overinflated by hospitals as the starting point in negotiations with insurance companies.

If I have an operation in a hospital and my insurance pays for the bulk of it, I'll get paperwork afterwards with a breakdown of costs, everything from the charge for each doctor who participated to every drug I received. That's great! 

But the breakdown will also tell me that the hospital wanted to charge me $400 per pill for tylenol (paracetamol), but that with insurance intervention, insurance only paid them $20 a pill and the cost out of my pocket is zero. So I should be praising the insurance company for their masterful negotiating skills! Except that's nonsense. Nobody pays $400 a pill, ever. That's the opening bid in a negotiation, and the insurance company does pay the exorbitant $10 a pill because the hospital is trying to make up losses from elsewhere, like the emergency room where they're required to treat patients too poor to pay their bills. If you dig into things, it kind of makes sense, but way that information is shared with the average consumer just makes things even more confusing than they were before.

It's kind of a mess.
Donald has his little blue pill.  /s
Biden was already beating Warren.  Staying in the race was going to continue stretching out the primary and continue blowing through money, which the republicans had a large advantage.  Warren May have been a better overall choice, but she has a lot of the same weaknesses that Hillary has had.  She didn’t have the same level of support from moderates and would make it difficult to bring in those Republicans who were willing to leave trump.  Biden is a much easier pill to swallow for them than Warren.
Have you ever watched the yuri bezmenov interview?  Proves that the "anti facsists" are useful idiots. All marxists are useful idiots.  As soon as a real marxist comes in the ones who claim to be marxists will be the first group to be lined up against a wall and shot. 


Also the COD cold War trailer is a massive red pill.... Know your history .
I learned to read phonetically in preschool. That's not a 'humblebrag' but a fact. I recall seeing PSA's about illiteracy, featuring a parent unable to read a pill bottle to know the right dosage for their child.
My point being, there was such a large literacy campaign in the early 90s to warrant a PSA that 21% (minimum) in modern times is horrifying.
Im more angry at the people in the comments here talking about how voter suppression is illegal, intimidation, all this jargon, quoting laws word for word.

How after 4 years of this dont you get it yet?!

It doesnt MATTER if its illegal, for fucks sake there isnt some higher authority. There isnt some moral bridge. This is real life not a damned movie. Its a tough pill to swallow but preparing is a real thing to do. Not... Quoting laws as if they mean anything when the guy ENFORCING the laws is a main supporter of the guy BREAKING the laws.

Its like youre holding onto something that isnt there. There is no magnets, no static electricity, no invisible force that applies laws.

Every check and balance has been bludgened, shrunk, replaced, and bought. 

This is heading bad, very quick. Quit it with that fantasy it drives me absolutely mad.

Its like watching someone stare at a painted picture of a scenic sunrise pretending its real with a nuclear wasteland all around them.
He literally kept boxes and boxes of imported Sudafed in Trump Tower. He's on his own pill cocktail.
&amp;#x200B;

Why I am not voting.  
A change in political party is a change to our way of life, only in means of benefiting the overall system.  
The overall system is the equivalent to a computers operating system e.g. Windows. The method of moving folders, customizing backgrounds are rules within Windows.  
A change in political party only changes the rules within the overall system, not the system itself.  
The issue with the overall system is because it is an egotistical organism that feeds off the human mind. It gives rise to the very problems you wish to change; poverty, lack of energy, global warming. Realise that schools, cars, computers only exist because it benefits the system.  
But won't voting reduce suffering?  
No. A different political party is simply a different numbing pill. Less people seem to be suffering because they are numbed to the existence of the overall system. The numbing comes in the form of giving more people the tools to play the systems game effectively; free education, universal income, renewable energy. These are changes which let more people play the game effectively and the more you play the game, the more you forget you're in the game. If you really wanted to help people, you wouldn't prescribe them with pills.  
What is wrong with the game?  
Nothing. It protects people from the absurdity they live in. It protects them from the confusion of their own existence. It protects them from dangers Earth presents us. But in doing so it blinds us of life's importance.  
Well, what is important?  
The execution of that question: What is important to me?

More people die under different political parties which is evident admist the corona crisis.  
That horrid statement can be made because of the overall systems functionality.

Why not just vote?  
I don't want to vote because I don't want to feed the organism anymore.  
We vote, we believe in the propoganda, we go to school and get mushed together into cookie dough to then be cut into nice little shapes for the organism to have a munch on.  
I think it's time we reinvent the human experience.  
The majority of people never get to live in the first place because of this system.

There are many ways to change the system  
Collectively dont play the game  
Collectively beat the game  
A collective change in thought needs to happen

Let me know your thoughts
Ok Trumptwit.

Edit: Sorry for hurting your feelings with "Trumptwit." Fact of the matter is that anyone who votes for that blundering buffoon is exactly that ... A twit. Not my problem if that pill is too hard for you to swallow.
47 years in government and didn’t do what he promised. Biden got wiped up.

Trumps telling the truth about Biden, every single word about him is true. I know it’s a hard pill to swallow but swallow it. “Dog face pony soldier bastards.. let me sniff your hair little girl”
The terminology used is a poison pill to address directly, and they (if elected) would have little power to make it happen. Stacking the court requires Congress to pass a bill for the President to sign.
"stand" over the pill watchers to make sure he wins
Yes, and depending on the dosage can last 4-8 hours if it is a IR vs an XR. 

So why would you take a pill a moment before you walk on stage knowing that there is the time delay on it? 

I take mine an hour before I need it . 

I meant more like making him more impactful.
YES. Each campaign can have 3 people. Trump supporters show up in big groups. It’s not pill watching, it’s voter intimidation.
The orange pill
Tougher pill: Trump would gain more votes strictly on the communism accusations.

I love Sanders but Trump would literally just shit on that the whole time
tough pill to swallow.jpg

sander would've destroy trump in less than 5 minutes
His physician said he was the healthiest POTUS in history. 

Also, think of the pill mills. Bad doctors abound.
honestly. i would have loved to see a pre debate blood test... seeing what kinda shit trump is full of would have been interesting. i know it can't just be the sinus pill addiction.
An erection pill?
You think his stupidity is why we are dying and it’s not part of or the cost of another plan? Look at what he has done while this virus ravages us. He’s robbed our treasury, limited/attacked our freedom of speech/protests, caused massive issues in our voting process, put his own militias into cities, incited riots, and all in 6-months.

It’s a hard pill to swallow but listen to the Woodward tapes. He is lucid and much sharper than the guy we see on tv and on the stage. It’s an act.
Trump accusing Biden of using adderall is pure projection. 

It makes me laugh so hard I shot pill fragments out of Trump’s nose.
The funny thing is that if there were such a drug, I would *absolutely* want people to be taking it.

1. He became the smartest person in the world.
2. He could spot the truth of any situation damn near instantly (so he wouldn't be able to be fooled by propaganda and illogical appeals to emotion).
3. An army of people like that, in the government, working together, would be able to solve many of the country's problems in a remarkably short period of time.

For a smart species, we're incredibly stupid and gullible. Imagine you could give Trump's supporters a pill that made it possible for them to see, clearly, exactly what a sociopathic, narcissistic, and corrupt con artist he is. Would you *not* want them to take it?
So the poison pill strategy, don't say no, just make it impossible to say yes.
It’d be a lot better if it happened and they were all stuck here. That might just be the pill they need to gain self-awareness, though I thoroughly doubt even that would do the trick. They’d tell each other it was the antichrist.
Or a 14 year old got into their parents alcohol/pills and overdosed and died. Alcohol has zero child safety locks, and prescription pill bottles do have a childproof cap, but it's not going to stop a 14 year old.
yeah, he really has more to lose running at this point, because of his family name I will remember him in the future and if he only wants to be a poison pill; that cant bode well for him in this party
This should be the least controversial thing pro lifers are upset about. You know how you prevent pregnancy? Teaching real sex ed. And safe sex practices. Yet the people who are pro life are also so against the things that stop women from getting pregnant. They should worry less about the pill, and see a doctor for Haldol. Cause they crazy.
No no no, because 50kg of ground up pill powder is much lighter than 50kg of red presidential meat!

\- presidential scientist
100% I’m all for that. lol If there was a pill that legit made you smarter, I would be a liar if I said I wouldn’t be looking for a dealer right then and there.
Tempting as it is to take the “blue-good, red-bad” pill, at some point you need to come to terms with the fact these facilities were funded and built in 2015 (during the Obama administration) or just admit you don’t care so long as our side wins.
Damn, to think in 2020 I'd ever see someone use the terms blue and red pilled  correctly in a meaningful post. Unbelievable. 
I almost forgot red pill meant something other than hating women and immigrants
We are the proletariats. This is nothing new in human history. We love the success stories of rags to riches but that's Disney fairy tales for the most part. A diamond in the rough story. The blue pill story.

The reality, the red pill story is that the ultra-rich get ultra-richer. The rich are born into greater privilege, have greater opportunities, their children are exposed to country clubs and are accustomed to servants in the home or at the golf club constantly being catered to because the club is "exclusive" and there is an established hierarchy. That's when rich kids start getting used to the human hierarchy that's been created by economics.  Staff is there to serve their needs. This is how divisions are created. 

Then these rich people think that they earned their lot in life. Born on third, thinks he got a triple lifestyle and they start putting their values on others because it worked for them and you end up with people like DeVos in policy positions making decisions on the whole with only 1/1000th of the experience in life. The hardships that most people have to endure are horror stories that rich parents tell their children at night to keep them in line.
The 2nd for sure because of inconsistencies in the nyt story. If nothing else they conveniently stop in 2018 to exclude presidential income to start click bait headlines.

You’re obviously not dumb either so you’re a liar too.

And yes all those other taxes are taxes. Conveniently omitted to sell a story. That much is self evident despite whatever you’re trying to pull.

As far as billionaire conglomerate owners and their tax situation like I say you’re going to have to go ask your tax accountant because the nyt can’t be trusted and you can’t be trusted and argue in bad faith. Although who knows maybe you buy it too despite being clever. Don’t try to blue pill me go save it for some other sucker. Idk why I tried to let you drag me into your nonsense.

Idk how much more I didn’t steal his tax returns or commit prosecutorial misconduct by releasing them from the ny das office.
The point at hand is AOC is a moron. She thinks claims feeds you a line of bs whichever you need to tell yourself to take your blue pill that he’s paid less taxes than a waitress which is categorically false.

As for the rest of your nonsense trying to argue the ny da’s case. If they had a case they wouldn’t be leaking the tax returns. Go get an accountant ask them to explain it to you.
Well that's a bitter pill to swallow.
Election night 2016 felt like one of the worst nights of my life—I’d never felt that level of anxiety. I was pregnant and couldn’t fall asleep with worry for my children. And my husband was out of town, so I was spiraling alone all night. 

My whole office stumbled into work silently like it was a funeral the next morning.

This year, I’m taking a sleeping pill at 9pm and saying a little (big) prayer.
Why do you keep bringing up Hunter. Melania is whore from Europe. She forced to have sex with American jerk for green card. She accidentally forget to take birth control pill one night and tried several abortions but none work. That why Baron is autism.
Snorts? It's a lot easier to swallow the pill with some water
This is the infamous leftist infighting, where I'm seeing it. I get it, you want to vote Green or whatever, but I'm going to take the band-aid instead of putting my name in the lottery for a magic pill.
100%

But if you look at the countries that have succeeded in defeating authoritarianism post-WW2 it was ONLY by allying with those on the “other side”.

Literally, it is the only way. You can have all the guns you want. You can protest. You can riot. NONE OF IT HAS WORKED, EVER.

There is only one pill to swallow and it is bitter as fuck. Then the hard work comes next, rebuilding the safeguards.
I think we all need to take a chill pill. Donny has the greatest hairstyle of any President ever. It is the most hairstyle of all the hairstyles
I heard he takes that drug from Limitless.  That’s the pill that makes you become limitless.
Like seriously? Of course somebody in the public eye would go to a pricier salon than people who aren't because they probably have people who are trained better or more experienced. You get what you pay for, and a public figure would need to have it done right the first time instead of scrambling to get a botched job fixed. People need to take a chill pill.
Thanks for the copy paste...


One thing important here is that if abortion is outlawed. The republican party will lose a huge wedge issue. It will be a "dog catching the car" scenario. 

Now that's not to say they will not, or have no other back up scenarios to manufacture if they actually go through with it. I just don't think they will be as huge of a wedge issue.

If it is overturned. I expect to see stories about republican women going to Mexico, or Canada for abortions. Or high profile republican men that championed an abortion ban, paying their mistresses to get them. 


One sort of positive note is that I believe we are not in as worse of a position as we were before Roe. By that I mean the coat hanger ally abortion. We have better methods now like the pill which while it can be made illegal... Getting access to it might actually become easier. 

Will deaths increase? Absolutely, and their deaths should be slapped on republicans every chance we get. 

The reason I think losing the abortion issue for republicans is so huge is... This stance got people to kill other people, and bomb abortion clinics. This is a huge huge huge wedge issue. With that said I am almost inclined to think that they will not give it up even in the face of certain victory. They just need to figure out a way to keep blaming democrats for it.
Given the choice of red pill vs. blue pill, does the blue pill equal ignorant bliss?
[Wired Story on the modern take of red pill vs. blue pill](https://www.wired.com/story/matrix-red-pill-vs-blue-pill/)
Bloomberg is the same type of person as trump. It would have been a tough pill to swallow but I still think I would have picked him over trump.
Another red pill I see. Keep it up
Can you imagine McConnell's face when 4 new senators representing 2 new states are inducted into the Senate? Can you imagine the faces of the republicans in congress when they have sit next to their former colonies which they so abused for so long? A bitter pill will be swallowed by them and we can laugh at their misery, for the chances of them remaining in the majority would become ever slimmer.
Absolutely 100%. I had prepared myself to just swallow that tough pill but I’ve been pleasantly surprised at Biden’s campaign. Of course, the bar has been reset pretty low since the primaries.
&gt; Go in prepared and cognizant with you’re political views, not denigrating your opponent with PED suspicions.

And this is politics, not sports.  What the fuck is a performance enhancing drug for politics?  And, if someone was using one that was effective, why the fuck would we care?  Seriously, if someone in a position of power can take a pill that makes them more effective at their job, then I am 100% fine with that.  I want them to be the absolute best that they can be.
This is such a biased joke and you all took the pill
Thus happens all the time. You hear some conservative host screaming about masks and Covid hoax, like a minute later he is shilling masks and some immune supplement pill to take during these "trying times."  It is sad joke.
Yup. If you were pregnant already and applied for health insurance, the pregnancy wouldn't be covered at all. 

As a delightful catch-22, insurance wouldn't cover birth control unless it was deemed "medically necessary." In other words, if you wanted to use it for family planning, you were assed out. Without insurance, a doctor visit was at least $400 (every year), and then the pills themselves were about $20-$50/ month - depending on the pill.
Don't remind me, I will have to take another blood pressure pill.  

How can anyone vote for this criminal and look at themselves in the mirror?  Any of the GOP senate or house either.   Tom Cotton, Cruz, Moscow Mitch, any of them.  They would steal money from their own mothers if they thought they could get away with it!
After another 14 hour shift at the local hog-castration facility where his daddy and his daddy's daddy had been employed, he was finally home.  He went to the fridge, one beer left - ehhh, well, there is some rubbing alcohol left from when he caught his nut sack in his Remington trimmer (*shudder*, the plumb pouch certainly hasn't felt or looked the same since, like hamburger meat with curly hair) he though.


With his muddy boots still on, he lumbered across the 70's carpeting, caked with mud and pig shit, and plopped his ass in his favorite chair.  The TV clicked on.  Commercial after commercial: one for pills, one for pills that counteracted the previous pills, a car dealership that is "in this with you", another pill commercial, and finally, the one he had been programmed for: Applebee's Unlimited Apps was BACK!  *It was the siren's song.*


His brain got foggy, flashes of liburls sent him into violent convulsions: women with hairy arm pits and advanced degrees, men - some as thin as women- dressed in flannel and carrying Mac books with activist stickers emblazoned, dairy-free cartons of rice milk, and hospitals where people were cared for and not billed for throat lozenges.   


He dropped his bottle of rubbing alcohol and got to his feet.  He grabbed for his gun, but in his last night's drunken stupor, he forgot where he put the damn thing, still loaded, safety off.  He grabbed the next best weapon, his daily driver: his plunger, still wet with shit and hair, the shaft clearly used and worn.  And with that he ran out into the night screaming about socialism, the squad, and how Q will lead us to the promised land.  


His nut sack bled, but it's the price he was willing to pay, for freedom and liberty.
1. There are numerous forms of birth control to help prevent contraception like condoms, the pill, IUD, and vasectomy. These do not totally prevent contraception but are all within 90% of effectiveness. 2. Most people know the risk when performing sex and the many forms of birth control to help prevent pregnancy. If that is not an option there is always adoption which leads me to my next argument. 3. Our foster care needs a complete overhaul and ever since I was educated about what happens in those homes I've wanted foster reform and am saddened that we haven't had any propositions on how to fix this. (I could be wrong but I can't remember hearing about a bill or anything to fix this from both democrats and republicans)
You took the wrong pill Neo.
Why didn't I take the blue pill...
Hey, I can relate. My entire family (and that includes  immediate family and extended) are Trumpites.  It’s a tough pill to swallow that the ones we love consciously choose to back evil.

Yet here we are.
If they overthrow Roe V Wade republicans never win another election. I grew up evangelical and most of them hate Trump, if it weren’t for abortion I believe most would not vote for him and probably vote Democrat. None of them have issues with birth control except abortion pill.
Isn't drinking beer while waving a flag and being nicknamed after a fast food item enough on its own? That doesn't even sound like a bad time to me, why do these fuckers have to do all that AND be super duper racist misogynist and into guns in that way overboard way where its creepy?  


 Just wave your flag, 'Shake! Take another cold one not the red pill!
He has planted the seed of making the media seem untrustworthy since the beginning. It was part of the larger scheme to avoid bad press and things like this from being taken seriously. His followers have already swallowed this pill and fully believe that every piece of information put out by ANY news media (minus OAN) is false and “fake news”. So him just saying “it’s fake news” triggers the cue for his supporters to dismiss these claims.
You know what?  You're motherfucking right.  We eat this shit up.  It is spoonfed to us from the time we start school.  We see it, but we don't.  Cause we don't want to believe that it's as pervasive as we feel it is.  But this fucking shit...has forced that red pill down my throat, esp with the bullshit I've dealt with regarding the IRS these past 4 years.
He mounted tremendous losses, bankrupted casinos, and lives off ***our*** taxes *because he's a very stable genius*!!

Lol, they will literally swallow the Putin pill when told.
I'm a 26 year old woman and I've only seen a gynaecologist once in my life, when I suspected an ovarian cyst. Ok, I'm technically one year late for a pap smear, but in my country we only need once every 3 years. Childbirth is also so much cheaper here than in the US, with much better outcomes too.

The only additional regular medical visits for young women other than pregnancy and childbirth-related are pap-smears and birth control prescription. Condoms don't need a doctor's visit, and a IUD only needs replacing once every 10 years, so if you're not taking the pill, those don't apply. STD tests, yes, but men need them too.
Women were charged a higher rate for insurance because they regularly use obgyn services and receive regular medication for the pill or pill alternatives.  Insurance companies NEVER wanted to cover this and sought to either exclude it from coverage or charge a lot more for it.  

Obamacare removed that male/female charge and now Insurance companies are drooling over reclaiming that lost revenue.
Those sniffles are exactly what happens when you crush a pill and snort it.
It depends on the meds you're on tbh, and depends on the place you're in. 

My County has a high ass drug population, so they test for whatever the drug of choice that month is, and make you pay for it. (The drug of choice is usually fentanol, or heroin) 

My own drug test came back positive for PCP and THC even though I don't smoke. I'm not positive because I was never told which pill[s] it was, but having looked into it, I think it was a combo of my Paxil, trazadone, and lamictal. Again, I'm no doctor so I can't be sure.

It also came back positive for amphetamines which I actually knew about, and had told them about. (Whaddup ADHD) I wasn't prepared for the PCP and weed accusations though. And it was a fucking nightmare to try to prove otherwise because I didn't have the money for another test, so I didn't get the job.

Anti-psychotics and antidepressants are also 110% abusable depending on your drug of choice. (I know Paxil is supremely easy to get addicted to, even if you don't abuse it, and lamictal can apparently get you high.) 

A lot of people are on antidepressants and Anti-psychotics, but sometimes the pill combination is wack and will turn up false positives. It fucking sucks that we have to disclose information on the medication we take, (in my county at least, it's 'required') and I really fucking hope that changes but I doubt it will.
Trump is just trying to walk back the low bar his campaign has set for Biden's cognitive ability.

They've spent months telling their base that Biden is losing it, that he can't speak without a teleprompter, that he can't answer questions on the fly, etc.

And they know he's going to prove those things wrong during the debates therefore they need some malign justification - in this case, it's that Biden is taking magical brain drugs that reverse the negative mental deterioration typically brought on by old age.

You know, the magic pill that has eluded medical experts forever.
Didn’t Appalachian pill mill Oxy buses used to come from Florida? Or am I just thinking of a plot line from Justified?
Man, that's a really weird concept.... fight Republicans while complaining about how much taxes you pay.  

&amp;#x200B;

Republicans lower taxes.

&amp;#x200B;

Democrats raise taxes.

&amp;#x200B;

You want to move to a red state because it's cheaper to live.

&amp;#x200B;

Listen to yourself.

&amp;#x200B;

You're saying the right things.  You're giving yourself a red pill but your mind is rejecting it.  

&amp;#x200B;

It's like listening to that song... "My mind is telling me no ... but my body ... is telling me yes."
&gt;Call it what you will to make yourself feel better, its murdering a baby

You're calling it "murdering a baby" to make yourself feel better.  Taking a pill to induce a miscarriage that doesn't look like a person (just cells attached to a uterus) and cannot survive out of the womb is really not murder.  You're just trying to flex your moral superiority and self-righteous authority to tell women what they can and can't do with their bodies and their lives.

The beauty of organized religion, is that you believe you're doing God's work and can therefore do no wrong.  This means that anyone that disagrees with you is always wrong in your eyes.  Eventually you convince yourself that your belief system is the ONLY belief system allowed.  This is why religion has led much death, conflict, and suffering throughout human history.

I may not agree with you, but you are still entitled to your beliefs and to do what you want with your OWN body.  

The adults in the room just want separation of church and state.  It's 2020 and white Christians make up a minority of the US population.  Something tells me they aren't going to take that designation too well.  Obligatory, I was Catholic but stopped believing once I grasped that religion is about indoctrination.  Also, when you see the "holiest" people in your life say and do terrible things, it makes you wonder if it's just a front.
Condoms are only 82% effective with typical use, and only 98% with perfect use which isn't all that reassuring considering that's a 2% chance per year of falling pregnant. As in, for every 100 women relying on condoms, 2 will have an unwanted pregnancy per year even if they do everything perfectly,  and realistically it's more like 18.

The pill is 99.7% effective with perfect use, but effectiveness is affected by a tonne of stuff including vomiting/diarrhoea/antibiotics/any gut disorder so it's really only 91% effective with typical use.

The "set and forget" options like IUDs and the bar are extremely effective.. but they can be expensive, they require medical procedures to be inserted which are not always accessible, and they have a relatively high rate of needing to removed due to adverse effects including extremely heavy bleeding/extreme weight gain/depression.

Contraception is great and absolutely should be promoted, but it's not nearly as good as many people think.
&gt; My guess is they will give him downers before-hand. 

Do you think they'll put the pill in peanut butter or cheese?
Yeah, really, anyone who is currently on the fence is either A) lying B) ashamed of their actual vote or C) going to end up voting 3rd party.

If anything, humiliating him is just going to make him look weaker in the eyes of his red pill alpha proud boy cult and make their enthusiasm for him wane.

Not sure if it accomlishes anything, though, because they will still just spin Trump getting spanked into some 360D no scope chess move to own him even more.
Hey, don’t direct that at me, I swallowed the bitter pill when I voted for Clinton. It’s unfortunate the bitter pills is all the DNC seems to have in store these days. At least Biden is humble enough to pick an exciting VP.
Please repeat this. It’s. Not. Up. To. Him. This is the usual bullshit and bluster to try and discourage people from voting. He has no path to victory if voter turnout is higher than 2016. None. Zero. And an open coup will not work - he and his sycophantic greaseball grifters are not good enough to pull it off. He will try - he will absolutely try to ratfuck the election. He’ll declare victory by 8pm on election night before west coast results even start to come in. 

Best case - we all just ignore him and keep counting to see the totality of his defeat, and then the lawsuits will start. And he’ll lose - because he lost. His pathetic scheme is too transparent. 

He’ll tweet that he won. Some of his orc horde will believe it. Then we will see what the next century holds for America - if counting continues and results are ratified. He’s not good enough. And he doesn’t have the foot soldiers he imagines for a stand off to do a hostile takeover of the strongest country in the world. Who’s going to die for Donald Trump? His foot soldiers are fat, lazy, pill popping loudmouth bullies who would have to roar into battle on rascal scooters. 

He’s full of shit - entirely on brand and bottomlessly malicious - but full of shit. This is the endgame. Hopefully America survives, because god help us all if he completes the coup. 

He’s incredibly desperate, pretending to be strong. A coup will be the craziest thing he’s done - but it’s because he has no options other than relocating to his new Moscow apartment with suitcases full of US state secrets and spy info on USB drives.
Yeah, there's been some [good reporting](https://www.businessinsider.com/proud-boys-extremist-group-fbi-2018-11?op=1) on them over the last couple years.  Their place in the neo-nationalist nexus has been pretty clear from the start. 

Iirc they also focused their recruitment on young disgruntled men through groups like the red pill.

Edit: Here's [another good piece](https://www.businessinsider.com/right-wing-militias-recruit-young-soldiers-on-4chan-2017-5) to give some context to how things have been evolving.
I'm talking 2016 on. Had 4 years to turn this into a poison pill
He was found by police puking in a room full of empty prescription pill bottles and bags of meth. Another person in the room was hospitalized because he was overdosing on the drugs. Also he ended up **putting himself in rehab for alcohol abuse**.

Hilarious how you can try to warp that in your head somehow to “He went to a party”. Would you be totally cool with finding out a republican politician was in a hotel room full of meth and prescription drugs? Those are not things regular well-adjusted adults do. I wouldn’t want someone who can’t even handle being a responsible adult being responsible for the livelihood of millions of people.


I think it is fair to agree that neither he nor the current governor should hold that position.
Gamers are an interesting bunch as they tend to lean a lot further right than you would expect from a crowd made up of mostly younger folks.  Which also creates a weird dichotomy as game developers, like most software engineers, tend to lean rather far left.  
  
Kotaku, gamer gate, etc... all rather right wing things.  I imagine a lot of this has to do with overlap since many gamers also fall into the demographics place like red pill get their users from.
&gt;Trump has done everything he can to unravel things. It's almost like he is a Manchurian candidate for Putin. He brings out the worst in people, then he pours gas on it. He ignores science. He basically ignores reality, and the R majority Senate goes right along with him. If we dont vote him out in Nov, we will never get another chance.

Even if Trump gets voted out, I don't think the US survives 15 years in its current state,

unless there is electoral reform.

The 2-party system has been leveraged into a poison pill.

They've gotta spit that shit out.
I it is an extended-release pill, crushing and snorting the pill makes you get *all* of the drug at once, not over 8hrs (or however long...)

The high is *much* stronger.

Also, in the past, I have snorted pills myself (though not Adderall.) The effect and “high” are different than swallowing a pill normally. Generally, the effect is much stronger, but also shorter lasting.

(Don’t snort pills, y’all. It can be a bad road, I’m glad I’m past it, and I don’t recommend it.)
or just....take the pill? all snorting it does is make it hit faster, it doesn't become less potent just bc the absorption method is different. There's a reason people who take it medicinally say you can feel it kick.
How can you be bffs with the POTUS and still be doing shit drugs like you're in high school? I know Adderall is an amphetamine and medical grade so it's clean and I guess people like the high. But it's a pill. It's mostly filler with all kinds of shit not meant to go up your nose. With his connections, he could be doing meth so pure that it would give Walter White a hard on. Or, check this, like actual *good* drugs. If they were good people in their positions, Snoop would probably share his secret top shelf indica for free. The cleanest Molly our nation's scientists can create could be theirs... or some of the wild stuff we don't even know about that has been created in the labs of the most advanced nation in history for medical research. 

But here they are, trailer trash that got the keys to the White House acting like trailer trash that got keys to the White House.
&gt; There was a time when the GOP claimed that "character mattered". 

It's always been bullshit. Nixon was breaking laws; Reagan was using American hostages as political pawns and selling weapons to the enemy to fund murder squads; Bush Sr. lied to Americans to start a war; Bush Jr. did it again, Trump is.. well, you know what Trump is.

Meanwhile – Newt Gingrich was cheated on his cancer-fighting wife; Dennis Hastert was sexually assaulting kids; Rush Limbaugh was pill-popping and diddling Dominican kids; Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly were sexually assaulting everyone.

Character has **never mattered** to Republicans. It's all just gaslighting.
I’m betting the democrats are in on it. This is just an easier pill to swallow if there is an “opposition” to this madness. If they wanted to really throw down they would have a year ago.
I hate that rabbit hole. “Red pill” taking over the true meaning of that from the matrix movie. 

Eventually that rabbit hole leads you to a path where your morals and empathy come into play. You either exit the rabbit hole terrified of the fact that you were in the rabbit hole and almost beloved all of Trumps bs and even questioned it. 

I appreciate CONSERVATIVE policies, but the GOP (Gaslight Obstruct Project) has been Kompromised and need to be removed and be used as examples. 

We need to follow the money and see who actually is running things. Too bad we aren’t all FBI agents who work to hunt down the biggest criminals in the world. The good thing is , these guys did. Don’t let their deaths be in vain. 


Never forget Bob Levinson as well as Alexander Litivenko . 


http://www.citjourno.org/page-2
“Take this pill. You’ll feel better.”
I just got prescribed prazosin recently. Only med I take, I wasn't having high blood pressure at the time, it's for PTSD. I've been on an alphabet of drugs, and nothing's come close to what this pill has done, in combination with therapy of course.

If you have any kind of mental issues, even just stress, or bad dreams and are considering medicine speak to a psychiatrist they're far better than nurses, and GPs.
I can't think of a reason other than it's not Trump, which is kinda all they have to bank on. I mean the left is basically red pill-ing undecided voters like it's their job so maybe this is a good way of cleaning up lol
Which was added as a poison pill by GOP.
Seems we're in the same boat this time... just a little less so.

Christ this would have been so easy if we had just gone with Bernie... The progressives would be going door to door, the independents wouldn't be trying to figure out which poison pill is worse, and the vote blue no matter who people would still have been voting blue no matter who.
HRC was a bad candidate, who also cheated. The DNC literally rigged the election for her. If HRC never ran, Bernie would’ve won the nomination and Trump wouldn’t be president. 

Somehow this is a tough to swallow pill??? But do you actually think trump is the only candidate who skirted the rules? Trump had to cheat to beat Hillary, who had to cheat to beat Bernie.
Shoe box?  Bread box? Pill box?  One of those little boxes that Tic Tacs come in?
They're trying to black pill everyone
Peacefully and responsibly bearing arms is also more than a-ok to protest police brutality- it’s now a necessity. That’s a really sour pill to swallow and a damn shame.
I'm brand new to Medicare and also fighting systemic prostate cancer.  I've got the best supplemental policies.  This month we got a taste of just how vicious Big Pharma is!  The drug maker wants 130k a year for a new cancer drug (pill).  Even with those policies, I'll pay my "drug max" (around 6.5k) in the first few months alone.

Sure, Trump - send me that $200!  LMFAO
But they can still roll, *hoochie coo*.  *It's all part of my fantasy* that everything is going to be alright. Well that, and my daily pill.

Peace. Stay safe.
Well, imagine being a gay guy excited to vote for the first black guy just to realize...oh, he’s a homophobe too. That was a hard pill to swallow.
&gt; Because industry will cripple the public option in the drafting, just like they did in 2010.

There's no world where a public option is implemented where it is anything other than a poison pill for universal healthcare, or a giveaway to insurance companies.  

A system built on for-profit insurance is incompatible with affordable universal health care.
Because they've been lied to. A subsidized public option is a poison pill that serves no one but the insurance companies.
At what point does improvement in nominal gains not become worth the amount of time it takes to achieve them though? You can make more money by working an extra job relative to not working at all but if it takes you 40 extra hours/week to improve your material conditions by just $10, is the opportunity cost worth it?

Take median household wealth for example. It grew from $2,467 in 1968 to $17,409 in 2016 for blacks. That's an increase of 605.7% or $14,942 nominally. If that happened in one year or five years, that would be much more significant than it happening in 48 years. Broken down by year, you're basically only talking about an increase of $300/year or $6/week. It would also be helpful if you're black to ignore the fact that white people, while "only" seeing an increase of 258.8% during that same time frame, translated that into an increase of $123,345 or roughly $2,570/year, or $49/week. Blacks were already so far behind whites in 1968 on this metric that even when they outpaced whites by more than double in growth percentages, the net result after 48 years was that they fell behind even more nominally. 

Would it be worth it to you if instead of working that extra job for $10/week you knew it was really going to be more like $6/week and your employer was still going to pay your other coworkers 8 times more than they pay you ($49/week instead) while you all work there for the next 48 years? That'd be a tough pill to swallow unless being treated unequally in a negative way doesn't really bother you.
Thank you for recognizing the urgency, even if it’s a hard pill to swallow.
Civil war? Doubt it. There are plenty of things the populace has as options, including mass "strikes" - shut down the economy at the source (poison pill?). It's silly to be talking about this... yet.
It's really fucking sad how all these older women want to take away our rights after they got theirs. I have 2 boomer relatives who had abortions yet they're in favor of putting that woman from Gilead on the Supreme Court. One of these woman actually had an abortion after she was drugged and raped yet she apparently doesn't care if rape victims nowadays don't want to be forced to carry their rapists' offspring. And these women are too stupid to understand that the morning after pill is not 100%effective.
He might pop an extra pill for his next rally
Please actually read the first link that you posted. Here’s an excerpt: “You might have also heard that emergency contraception causes an abortion. **But that's not true.** Emergency contraception is **not** the abortion pill. Emergency contraception is birth control, not abortion.”
Thats not the red pill. Thats a gag reflex.
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
“I hate stupid people and you just jumped high on my list!” Wow you just proved my point on the hatefulness of the users on Reddit. I don’t think your able to make common sense because of your anger. Btw nothing about my story is false, I had to quit my job because of the anger and hatered I had to put up with because the color of my skin. It wasn’t like this 10 or 15 years ago. This is turning good people on good people, please don’t take the poison pill...your probably a good hearted person by nature. 🙂
Except if Trump had a nerve agent like Putin does he would name it like "Tremendous MAGA pill, best ever everyone's talking about it"
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
I'm going to spam this everywhere I can because I cannot submit a text post in the sub. 

Edit: There will be no TLDR, fuking read this. 

VOTE: Heres whats really happening in America told by me, as a 42 yo white male American, and this happened tonight.

On mobile and pissed, so excuse any errors. 

I just hung up the ph with my 58 yo mother. The mother who worked 2 jobs to raise us kids by herself (for the most part). She started by wiping asses at a nursing home while we were packed into a trailer living off of $15 a week for food to feed a family of 6 - no joke or exaggeration. In 1988 she applied for a job at a local prison and was told they were not hiring females at the moment. Fast forward a few years and a class action lawsuit against the state (filed by someone else) awards her 30k in a settlement. She has moved up a few positions in a nursing home and uses her new raise and settlement to by her dream home (1996). Here's the point, she struggled, she was told no because she was a woman, thru all this she pushed, raised her kids and had her nice home. 

A bit more history: Pregnant with me at 15, bother at 16, abortion at 21 and sister at 23 (all same dad who beat the shit out of her and caused her to have false teeth in her early 20s). 

So she, for some fuking reason, voted drump in 2016. In the years since she has realized it was a mistake. At the beginning of the BLM movement she really seemed to grasp how bad things were, when the asshole gassed and beat people to hold a Bible upside down she was blown away. I was relieved that she was seeing, for herself, how bad things actually are. 

So tonight, on the ph w me during a routine "how was your day" call, we somehow end up on the topic of abortions (driven by her for no reason that I can recall). She proceeded to tell me that most abortions happen after 12 weeks which is wrong. Most are by minorities and is used as a form of birth control. I asked her where she is getting her data and she "read it online". Before I could even reply she then tells me it's different now then when she had hers because EVERYONE has access to the internet and birth control. I asked if she had a car as a teen, could she go get condoms as a teen, and even if she could have, would she? 

THEN she hit me with the absolute bomb of "they keep saying its needed for rape victims but the Morning After Pill exists" WTF, so a rape victim, the morning after the most traumatizing event of their life, on the way to report the rape to the police (hopefully) is supposed to be like "Oh, hang a right and stop at CVS so I can grab a plan B". 

Who in the FUCK am I talking to?? This woman was SELFLESS raising me and my siblings. Worked 2 full time jobs and made she we didn't know we were dirt fuking poor. She has ZERO empathy now, none. 

I remind her that we have some different views (to be polite). I asked her if she's voting this year (she fully knows where I stand). She says of course she is, then says (laughing) "I guess we'll cancel each other out"

Avid FB user. I guarenfukintee that is the source for the bulk of this shit. But I do have to admit to myself there had to be a base of bias for something to grow.

FUCKING VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY ARE CHANGING

Edit: Mom, 3 kids + temp step-dad and new son for a few years = 6
&gt;Too bad the ones stockpiling are on his side.

The majority of the nation's population, its top army brass, its economic engine, not to mention its IT, technological and scientific base, are not.   


Seriously, lets see what happens if the states that support Trump secede - they'll be on the fast track to becoming dirt poor banana republics.  Fortune 500 companies aren't exactly lining up to hire pill poppers without an education in the sticks.
Now  is the time people start taking this shit personally. The  Republicans  and their Trump Cult will not stop, they will do anything and I mean  anything  to  put their boot on your throat. Take it personally because it is. **It's aimed at you.**

**The GOP aren't stacking the courts at every level for no reason ...**

Anyone who still supports Trump and his administration and enablers in the GOP are supporting fascism. They aren't *poor misguided souls*, they aren't *lost puppies* ... **they are fascists**.

They     don't and won't give a fuck or be able to help, as increasingly the      checks &amp; balances are corrupted, as watchdogs get removed and     replaced by hand picked stooges,  as laws increasingly start applying     only to *you/us* and not *them*.

If     your parents, friends, children or loved ones still support Trump,    they  are fascists. It might be a bitter pill to swallow and accept but     people need to start coming to grips with it.

**Take it personally people because I guarantee you the fascists are.**
I know I keep reading this - and thinking this, but honestly can someone tell me if this is real life anymore? This can’t be real. None of this is real. Somebody slip me the blue pill I’ve made a terrible mistake in taking the red one and I need to go back to where shit makes sense.
except when biden takes his super pill, that they claim to want to drug test for. ;-)
I will swallow the pill that is Biden and his cabinet... would have preferred if the left hated trump more than they hate socialism though.
I just hope this engagement of former presidential candidates doesn't extend back to 2016's poison pill.
I guess church also has a thing for forgiving thy neighbor, caring for others, even strangers, or those with a lesser social standing. 

And I cannot remember ever reading anything on the pill or abortion in the bible.
Thanks for the reply.. yeah those split states (if that’s the right term) are a mindfuck for me, a dirty foreigner and amateur pill watcher.

Seems like Biden might have a decent shot even without Florida - all these reports about Biden not reaching out to Latino’s and Trumps natural advantage with Cubans is a bit of a worry
The trouble with Q is cognitive dissonance. Once you are in, you cannot get out without admitting you are a completely gullible idiot who is easily manipulated by faceless strangers.

This is impossible for red pill self-described ‘alpha males’ to admit. So they cling even firmer to their beliefs.

This is some next-level, real world INCEPTION stuff. It just uses the internet, rather than dreams, to infect its victims.

They would sooner die than admit they are wrong.
It does not have relevance to a resolution to honor her. You know better. Schumer's amendment was a poison pill. It's so obviously inappropriate that I can only assume he wanted the resolution not to pass.
Fuck abortion, get insurance get the pill. The more people that get abortions, the more doctors will be needed. Oh a high demand job? Oh look what happens to the price of your abortion? Oh wait but health care will cover that. Oh but it’s free so doctors will get paid less, so there will be less doctors to give you abortions.
Ok so there's a couple things here. Abortion rates have been decreasing since the 70's but there's no data from before 1971. The sharpest drops in the abortion rate have been under democratic presidents, but the political position of individual states has no significant sway on the abortion rate in those states.

&gt;There’s no way abortion rates stay the same when it becomes illegal and extremely difficult to access.

The main thing that causes it to rise as new restrictions come into effect is that targeting abortion invariably leads to targeting other reproductive services. Planned parenthood upon losing funding will cut all other services before abortion, decreasing access to birth control and education that could prevent one being in a place where they had to have an abortion.

&gt; In fact, after Roe v Wade, I believe there was a massive increase in the abortion rate and that’s been credited with decreasing the crime rate in the US.

This is a common myth in the US but it isn't true. It doesn't apply to other countries. I'd recommend you look into the leaded gasoline crime hypothesis since that does apply to every country that has data on lead exposure and even works down to the level of individual city blocks. The lead hypothesis even explains certain crime epidemics as far back as the 1800's.

&gt;Things like wider access to birth control and proper sex education will also decrease the abortion rate, but making it illegal will almost certainly decrease it as well. And many religious people are against birth control to begin with.

That's the thing though, birth control and abortion are pretty closely tied in the US at least. targeting abortion is going to lead to stuff like the day after pill getting banned and providers of women's health becoming uncommon.

The way you put an end to abortion is by making a world where no one is in a position where they feel they need to have an abortion, not by making a world where having one is difficult and carries large consequences.
For some it’s a very hard pill to swallow that the 2016 election was and will likely always be the most important election of our lifetimes. Slanting the Supreme Court to a large conservative majority will have far and long lasting implications.
So the morning-after pill is also the tool of "*baby murderers*"?
I mentioned to my spouse that if the court overturns abortion, reporting rapes will drastically decline. I thought he’d understand immediately but he didn’t. 

If women can’t get legal abortions they won’t risk going to the police knowing they now have to get a underground abortion (or plan B pill) after they’ve been raped.
It's not a tough pill, it's just one I don't give a shit about. The Republican cult thinks Joe Biden is a radical, of course they're not going to like an actual progressive. Lots of people who've gone on to create change were also unfavorable in their time.
 &gt;The even harder pill to swallow is that COVID probably prevented more deaths than it took.   

Without looking at causes at all, 250000 more Americans have died since February than what's average for the same time frame in former years.
You all need to take a damn chill pill.  I am so tired of Nazi this, Nazi that.  The term is thrown around so much it's losing meaning.  Same with racism.  President Trump can't sneeze without being called a racist.  It's over the top.  Now go ahead and down vote me because that's what happens here.  Dissenting opinion gets shut down.  And that's why we have the problems we have because nobody can't have a civil discussion anymore.
Too many people put their hopes in him as some sort of democracy-savior that was going go put trump in jail any day now.  It's a bitter pill to swallow to admit you lionized a republican who was probably perfectly happy screwing you over the whole time.

Same for rosenstein, acting like he was the bulwark against trump's influence in the investigation, while he was actively giving Trump assurances the cases would go nowhere.
I usually stick with AP and Reuters... they usually don’t have a spin.. then generally I like to read the  New York times and the New York post to get a clear picture of what’s going on from both sides. Still don’t trust the bastards because of various BS pulled on both sides during this presidency. I also really enjoy Tim Poole on YouTube... even though he took the “red pill” recently, he usually just reads you the news from various sources and speculates on it. Thank you for your comment  though, I definitley agree that in general the printed papers do a much better job.
 

... and yet people still refuse to believe fascism has come to town.

Anyone who still supports Trump and his administration and enablers in the GOP are supporting fascism. They aren't *poor misguided souls*, they aren't *lost puppies* ... **they are fascists**.

They  don't and won't give a fuck or be able to help, as increasingly the   checks &amp; balances are corrupted, as watchdogs get removed and  replaced by hand picked stooges,  as laws increasingly start applying  only to *you/us* and not *them*.

If  your parents, friends, children or loved ones still support Trump, they  are fascists. It might be a bitter pill to swallow and accept but  people need to start coming to grips with it.

Take it personally people because I guarantee you the fascists are.
Reproductive rights for starters. Ted Cruz wants to ban the abortion pill, Tom Cotton wants to overturn Roe v Wade. Both of them were on Trump’s shortlist that he announced last week for potential SCOTUS
That lady and her designer face coverings sure do speak for the people! 

THIS COUNTRY AND ALL ITS "LEADERS" ARE CORRUPT AF - DO YOU WANT A BLUE PILL OR A RED PILL TO KEEP YOU CALM?

Seriously, we all need to stop playing "the game".
They took the red pill
Yeah but that’s not what it is about. You can ruin your life with any drug or use that same drug responsibility. You could literally do meth every couple weekends and have less negative side affects than if you were a casual drinker. Why do you think they give meth to kids in pill form? We need to stop this perception of good and bad drugs and really worry about a persons individual relationship with these drugs. The way I see it no matter how bad you see these drugs on the scale of personal harm, why should that person go to prison for only hurting themselves because they have a mental illness?
hence the eternal nickname:

**Pill Popper Limbaugh**
Yes, and the key takeaway from that piece is that Democrats need to be accepting of the racist and sexist membership of the Republicans for the country to survive.

It’s a hard pill to swallow, especially for so many that are the focus of the racism and sexism on the Democratic side.

Both sides are basically digging their heels in the ground saying they cannot accept the other.

You can argue about which is better, but better is in the eye of the beholder here. Christian Whites *are losing* their former position of power. They stand to lose something here, and are fighting against that loss, as you’d expect them to. But to their eyes the status quo is better, and it’s not too hard to see why that is for them. However minorities and women have already been suffering at that position of power, and there a real opportunity for them to win.

The question is if the country can survive the transition, and I have some fear it will not, to the detriment of all involved.
&gt;which is that convicting him will anger his supporters to the degree they pose a national security risk

America sounds like a complete shithole if this is a consideration judges actually make.

&gt; congress won’t swallow that pill.

Why the hell would congress be involved in a state legal case against Trump. 

&gt;Lastly he can always flee to a non-extradition country or pay off officials.

Trump fleeing to Russia wouldn't be a terrible outcome for Democrats
I hate the guy but agree he will never see the inside of a cell.  This is wishful thinking for several reasons, first of which is that convicting him will anger his supporters to the degree they pose a national security risk, and congress won’t swallow that pill.  Second is that he will tie up the courts in perpetuity even if prosecution is allowed to move forward.  Lastly he can always flee to a non-extradition country or pay off officials.  Best anyone can hope for is to get rid of his ass in November.
&gt;  The fact is a lot of voters don’t necessarily want Medicare for All and are happy with a subsidized public option 

Because they've been lied to.  A subsidized public option is a poison pill that serves no one but the insurance companies.  

&gt; Biden also supports a carbon tax, police reform, higher taxes on rich individuals, and other left policies.

Those aren't left policies.  They're just basic, not-insane policies.  They only look like they're left policies because one side is swimming in the crypto-fascist deep end.
Don’t forget to get rid of gerrymandering and rebalance previous gerrymandered districts! This is how you kill the GOP in its current incantation. A party that serves a minority of the people shouldn’t be able to continue winning elections without changing their viewpoints. They keep moving to right well they fuck the rules and still win. How is it they manage to hold majorities so often when something like 60-65% of the country identifies as Democrats. Outside of the obvious exceptions it’s because they have cheated for decades. Ranked choice voting, no taxation without representation, end the filibuster, rebalance previously gerrymandered districts to ensure they have actually accurate representation. All of those things are technically fair there is nothing unfair about them. They help make sure everyone’s voice equals 1. They are also a poison pill for the GOP. Because they are an antiquated party that deserves to die. Adapt or die.
Mike Pence has been VP for nearly 4 years and is out of touch. Biden is also incredibly out of touch. Luckily Biden's handlers are running the safest campaign you can run by keeping his mouth shut as much as possible. Makes it a easier pill to swallow when I check Biden's names between my butt cheeks on the ballot in November.
You can get opioids, amphetamines, ssri's, benzos, etc all prescribed by the God damn bucket full. Desoxyn is literally methamphetamine in pill form. Bodily autonomy is important to me. What i choose to do with my body is my business, not the states.
tough pill to swallow time. she should have retired under obama. why didn't she? clearly she thought hillary would win, oh well.
It’s for sure drugs.  Everyone that knew the guy knew he was a speed freak.  He’s up all night ranting at the TV, barely making any sense.  He’s constantly boasting about how an old man in awful health seemingly has limitless energy.  He talks like a tweaker who can barely finish one sentence before getting lost.  Tons of insiders say he’s high as a kite all the time.  He’s had doctors that were just pill dealers.  He says he’s never used drugs and Biden must be on something and we know every accusation is a confession with him. 

Everyone that’s ever gotten high can see how spun up he is all the time.  I’m sure it’s all very legal and he has a prescription.

We elected the old woman from requiem for a dream.
If conservatives are so against abortion, then why don’t they support common sense birth control platforms? Evidence shows time and time again that comprehensive sex ed and easy access to birth control lowers abortion rates. If they gave a shit about all the babies they were trying to “save” they would also support platforms that provided access to healthcare and strengthen the social safety net.

The GOP anti-choice platform isn’t actually about valuing life. It’s about controlling women and reinstating the male dominance that existed before the pill became available by forcing the most vulnerable women to give birth when safe alternatives will always exist for the wealthy should they choose to utilize them.
I'm a liberal and I don't want to see abortions being performed on fetuses that have reached a viable state, unless it's medically necessary.

Removing an unthinking, unfeeling ball of cells is one thing. Removing a tiny living thing that could actually survive in the care of a NICU though, that crosses a line for me.

But if there's bad developmental issues, then yes please perform an abortion so that this poor child can die painlessly and this poor mother can go on living a normal life again that isn't filled with the memory of watching her baby spend a week slowly dying after she gives birth.

Likewise if there's extreme health issues developing for the mother. I'm fine with terminating a pregnancy to save the mom.

I think you could speak to 100 liberals and get 100 different opinions on abortion. The left wing is far more nuanced in their stances on these issues, and seem to have put far more thought and consideration into it.

Trump couldn't even answer a simple fucking question of "What's the punishment for abortion if it's made illegal? And who gets punished? The mother, the doctor, both?" He then went on to give 3 different stances on abortion to 3 different interviewers in the span of a day or two.

And that's because he has literally not given this issue any real thought or consideration. Most of them haven't.

What if a girl is raped? She has to carry her rapists baby to term?

What if she's underage? And maybe even being raped by a family member? A 13 year old girl has to give birth to her own sister?

What if the baby has severe congenital defects and will die very painfully after it's born? The mom and the baby have to go through the worst thing on earth because otherwise it would be an "abortion"?

What if the mother has a real good chance of dying from pregnancy complications? My wife almost died our last go-around. So basically I have to use three condoms, my wife has to be on the pill, with an IUD and a diaphragm...because otherwise if she gets pregnant, the options are that she might either die from complications or we go to prison because we had an abortion?

It simply needs to be a legal procedure that's readily available during the first 4 months, and increasingly regulated with oversight as it goes on longer. There's just far too many situations that legitimately SHOULD call for an abortion.
You would be surprised what little a kentuckian cares about what people think they will allow them to do. Shit is bad in kentucky... Has been for a while. The turtles mistake is that he thinks the newest generation is just a bunch of washed up pill heads like the last one.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordeal_of_the_bitter_water

The second one is kinda loose, it's the bit where during the plagues, god takes the firstborns. But the bitterwater bit is almost a direct analog for the plan B pill.
And that's no different than everyone in urban areas voting Democratic because its "just what they do." Change takes time, and its starts with putting out a message that the voters would actually agree with.

If the Democratic party gave a damn about states like Wyoming, Montana, and the Dakotas they would have the Senate right now. The Republicans have an overwhelming command of governorships and state houses, and that has translated into district gerrymandering that has given them advantages in Congress. 

The Constitution was written specifically so that deciding to "write off" a distinct part of the electorate will have negative consequences. 
 
So, as long as your attitude prevails, the Democrats will be stuck treading water. They need to swallow the bitter pill of platform change to reflect what rural voters and "small states" want.
So one pill can be bought on the gift card
This vid will make him popular with voters.  They want a lying piece of shit on their side, I bet 10 bucks his pill numbers increase by voting in a new Supreme Court Justice.  Republicans have no humanity, nazis don’t give a shit about integrity they just want to push their beliefs on everyone by any means...
&gt; Maybe McConnell actually cares about Roe v Wade

He doesn't. If McConnell actually cared about babies and life, he would be tabling all those bills that actually HELP babies and life of Americans.

Forced birth isn't about saving babies; it's about control. it's about keeping women subjugated. Republicans (including McConnell) never castigate their male colleagues whenever one of their mistresses gets an abortion. Because they don't actually care about the unborn any more than they care about the born.

Planned Parenthood had a long track record of actually preventing abortion. Wherever there is a PP, abortion rates drop dramatically as women are offered means of contraception – like the pill, the morning after pill, condoms, etc.

They attack PP to defund it and in doing so, unwanted pregnancy rises and with it, abortions.

They never – and I mean NEVER – go after the men who are fucking the women and inseminating them. Nope. It is ALWAYS an attack on the woman.

&gt; Maybe McConnell actually cares about Roe v Wade

Not a fucking chance.
Wouldn’t he be losing lots of weight if he was taking cocaine or adderall (btw isn’t adderall similar to the diet pill phentermine?). At his age especially taking that stuff would be really stupid; not many 70-something year old speed addicts out there. I wonder if he’s hopped up on pain pills. Since nobody else can get them anymore I’m sure his doctors can get him anything whether its OxyContin or benzodiazepines like Xanax.
No. I'm fact, they'll pivot. Remember that individual states still have laws on the book that allow abortion. Like I heard once on a podcast, the anti choice people don't hold up signs saying "State Rights Now", they hold up signs saying "End Abortion Now". They will move on to trying to get federal legislation to ban abortion nationwide.
Another one of the next targets will be the privacy rights cases that formed the foundation of Roe v. Wade, cases that allowed things like wide birth control pill availability. Remember, for many of these people, the pill is no different than abortions, regardless of the science, as the Hobby Lobby and Little Sisters cases made clear.
I'm so underwhelmed and not shocked by his response McConnell is an immoral piece of shit. He has been a poison pill for the Senate for a long time.
You don't think those fucking vultures haven't been frothing at the mouth over RBG for awhile now? The only thing in the world that gets these geriatric old fucks hard without a pill is the possibility of filling RBG's seat. 

If you were to tell me that McConnell was making late night calls to RBG and telling her that it was her time to go and she should just close her eyes and let it all wash over her, I wouldn't be fucking surprised in the least.
Rogan epitomizes the "Libertarian DudeBro" plague.

He's no different from any other edgy podcast pill-peddler.
We're past the point in hoping for a better candidate, the country has proven that it doesn't deserve one. The best we get is a candidate that will return the country to some semblance of normalcy, which might be a hard pill to swallow for those fighting to forcibly drag America out of the grave it's been rapidly digging. You can feel pissed off and apathetic, those emotions are perfectly valid but still go out to vote and make your voice heard.
She wasn’t the only women in the world that would’ve done the job well. Government seems more like a rich nursing home where it’s friends and family only allowed. 

80 year olds shouldn’t be doing anything in 2020 other than worrying about their pill organizer.
All you do is blame women for problems. 

There's a sub for that. Go to red pill.
&gt; Killing unborn children is not ok.

Neither is [starving children](https://www.sfchronicle.com/food/article/House-Republicans-propose-sweeping-cuts-to-food-13015556.php), or [stealing hospital supplies](https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2020/4/9/1935988/-Why-the-hell-is-the-federal-government-stealing-critical-medical-supplies-from-hospitals) or [deliberately sabotaging testing so a virus kills more non-supporters even though that means it also killing supporters](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2020/07/how-jared-kushners-secret-testing-plan-went-poof-into-thin-air).

Abortion rates go [*down* in states where democrats take majorities in state governance, loosen restrictions and make medical care more accessible. Case example: 64% drop state-wide in abortion rates by dropping abortion restrictions and making contraceptives available](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/). Tell me how many states had such a success rate with *any* republican plan.

They can *say* all they want, they're not the party of pro-life. They're the party of "pro our control, fuck all the rest of you".
Hate to burst that red pill bubble, bud, but the USA will not be fine with hard line right wingers imposing their view of the law on the average American. Of course, rich, conservative assholes can breath a sigh of relief; their fat, white fingers can keep that grip on power.
Because we aren’t all demons like the left claims we are. Time to take the red pill. :)
&gt; This is exactly what Trump supporters want.

I don't think reducing abortions is what they truly care about, or [they'd follow Colorado's example of expanding access to doctors and making contraceptives easier to access. They did that *and* removed abortion restrictions, and saw a **64% reduction state-wide** in abortions](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/).

The laws and rhetoric don't strictly support the prime focus being ending abortions, but does attack bodily autonomy. It's not pro-life, it's pro-power.
So many, if not all progressive changes to this county have been the result of Supreme Court decisions. 

If republicans can block McConnell getting a nomination in, and if progressive change is important to you, then unfortunately you have to swallow the absolutely horrible pill that is voting for Biden this November.

At this point I'd respect a genuine Trump  supporter voting for Trump then a liberal refusing to vote at all.
&gt; human rights and abortion

Not abortion, choice. You do not have a right to someone else's body. These judges are anti-choice. Do note that in states where there aren't massive restrictions on abortion, there isn't a sky-high abortion rate. On the contrary, they also tend to have access to [contraceptives and medical care, as well as more stable economies so fewer people get pregnant to start with and much fewer get abortions](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/). Yet despite being the party claiming to be pro life, they have never mimicked those successes to reduce teen pregnancy or abortion rates in their states.
Thanks. I’m slowly rehabbing my family through it, but my parents swallowed the Reagan pill when they were in college and my dad listens to too much conservative talk radio since all of our sports teams are broadcast on the same station. 

Surprisingly my grandparents in Texas are actually easier to convince, though Grandpa hates Biden from a personal standpoint (was a postal operations manager in DC that met with him several times). Slowly breaking through their misconceptions on the Civil War thanks to the Daughters of the Confederacy fucking up their education, but thankfully they trust me on this because they value my history degree.
A bit of an overreaction, no? If you think a Republican nominee would mean taking away voting rights, you've swallowed the "everyone right of Stalin is a Nazi" pill.
I actually wonder if he'll use it as a carrot to lure voters into the voting booth to vote for Trump.

There are many pro life people who hate Trump and are considering sitting out this election.  With a seat opening up, this could make them swallow that pill just one more time so they can get their pro life supreme court.

All Mcconnell has to do is wait until after the election.
They know this, that's why they dont care. Honestly, if you arent willing to fight and possibly die for your freedom, you dont deserve it. This is going to be a hard pill to swallow. We traded our freedom for convenience and now we are soft. Through our weakness we have condemned our kids to oppression. Who's fault is it? Just look in the mirror. We didnt stop this because it might hurt.
&gt;Do not waste your time and emotional energy planning around an imminent game-changing injection or pill in the coming months.

You just know that's what many people stupidly rationalized- that there was no need to check *their* behavior because a vaccine would swoop in to save them. Trump wouldn't be repeating this ridiculous idea that there will be vaccines before the election if a considerable number of us weren't already operating under this sad delusion.
Off shore pill mill, brother.
He's basically saying he wants an off shore pill mill. Brilliant.
I worked with a guy who used to listen to right wing radio all day.   He once tried to sell me on it.  

I told him that I don't go in for opinion media, because what's the point in listening to the opinions of people who only graduated high school with no experience outside the media.

Then I made some comment about how Limbaugh lost his self proclaimed dream job calling football games because he couldn't shut up about race and wasn't he a pill junkie?

He stopped talking politics with me after that.
I think you need to talk to someone who snorts drugs or who has in the past.

This isn't uncommon, and it's not odd. It also, numbs their nose so they don't realize stuff is lodged there or falling out until too late.

The way they do it is this. They crush the pill into a powder. Sometimes in their haste, they may leave some large nuggets that they snort anyway. Then when the are doing other stuff one of these falls out.

He is absolutely stupid enough to quickly crush a pill and snort it in the bathroom, and then have some fall out in an press conference. His long history of snorted drugs goes back to his early days in Manhattan. He reportedly frequently snorted cocaine then. On the set of the apprentice he reportedly frequently snorted cocaine, adderall and ridalin.
Over the years of addiction I got to the point I knew I was using to escape boredom. I knew I could be doing other more productive things like play my bass or learn a new skill. I realized those hobbies would fill the void. 

But what kept me drinking was the fact it was so easy. I didn’t want to put in the work for the other things. I wanted instant satisfaction and to be swept away from reality for a few hours. Beer/vodka did that with quickly and effortlessly. 

&gt;	the socialising became an excuse to take something, rather taking something whilst socialising.

Exactly. One of my old co-workers drinks everyday. He puts it on social media. But it’s not viewed as a problem because he’s always at a bar or with other people. However, it’s just an excuse to drink imo.

&gt;	One of my gf's friends, that switch was soooo obviously about 3 years ago. And she's something of a pusher now. Go on, have a pill, you'll love it. It's very off putting...

That’s extremely annoying. I’m thankful the people in my life haven’t pushed me to use with them. But I have had to change who I see and how often, mainly with family since a lot are alcoholics or doing coke.
South Park hit the nail bang on the head with the line about drugs making boredom interesting. It's an easy route to accepting boredom without action or thought. TV does the same thing. Yeah, "socially". It's always interesting seeing the friends I have that still do that and you can think of the point in time where it seemed like the priorities switched- the socialising became an excuse to take something, rather taking something whilst socialising. One of my gf's friends, that switch was soooo obviously about 3 years ago. And she's something of a pusher now. Go on, have a pill, you'll love it. It's very off putting...
"800,000 missing children" is just red pill rebranded.
If you're between 60-80 years old (and not a multi-millionaire) what is happening this month should terrify you.

This month, the republicans have started deferring payroll tax...it's mandatory for all federal employees (approx 2.5 million people), and estimates indicate between 10-20% of the US workforce will be signed up for the deferral.

It's not a gift, but a poison pill meant to accomplish one of two things:

* Bankrupt Social Security within the next ten years.

OR

* Make the Democratic Party look like villains when - by law - they have to ask for that money back next year.

Deferrals must be repaid.  If you are late on repayment, you will be charged interest.  At best, this slightly better than a pay-day loan...at worst?  Well, just think of being homeless and starving as not-great camping trip.
Just to touch on the cancer moonshot bit. 

We the taxpayer already fund a lot of research. A lot of the work product of that research is then put behind paywalls that the public cannot access unless they pay a third party for it. 

Then the actual research that we fund is then privatized by people doing the research and or companies buying it then profit insanely from it. 

The problem in my view is the profit motivations driving the research. 

Think of it like this, say a drug company could develop a single pill or dosage that could cure X, but doing so would mean there is very little to no long term profit in it. So they figure out a way to use a smaller dose that doesn't "cure" it, but instead it treats it. Then they put other compounds in it that if you take enough at once that would lead to a cure, that it'd kill you from liver damage or some shit. 

Not saying that happens or has happened, but I can see them doing it and being fine with it. Companies are not moral, they are amoral. 

All in all, in my view any research that the taxpayer pays for should be free. The resulting product should be able to make a profit from but should be close to cost, and generics should be available shortly after, not 20 fucking years.
Donald Trump is willing to take Hydroxychloroquine but not a pill that makes him sound smart? Yeah bullshit.
That’s some funny shit😜He needs to go take his pill and get some rest😉
I think we're reaching a tipping point. Even if Trump and his ilk goes away, the cat is out of the bag. A *statistically significant* portion of the country wants other people *dead.*

That's a hard pill to swallow and an even *harder* thing to reconcile: how do you deal with that?
The problem with protest (and more extreme responses) is that whether they succeed or fail - the people on the ground suffer. I can’t take the time off work to do much. If EVERYONE revolted then sure. But I work in a conservative field. So that ain’t happening. So those protesting are those that either have the time (unemployed and already suffering) or those sacrificing security. That’s a hard pill to swallow for many. Especially if it fails.

Though learned helplessness would win out even if I had time I’m sure.
Fear is going to be the better motivator and always has, as bitter of a pill as that is to swallow. We need lazy voters to be energized and worried enough to vote rather than assume the election will go to the Democrats, again.
"Owning the libs" is just a stepping stone to dehumanizing people and further conditioning the far-right. It's designed to wear you down by constantly shifting the goal posts, as you seek to find common ground. There  isn't any common ground, these people are fascists ...

... and yet people still refuse to believe fascism has come to town.

Anyone who still supports Trump and his administration and enablers in the GOP are supporting fascism. They aren't *poor misguided souls*, they aren't *lost puppies* ... **they are fascists**.

They  don't and won't give a fuck or be able to help, as increasingly the   checks &amp; balances are corrupted, as watchdogs get removed and  replaced by hand picked stooges,  as laws increasingly start applying  only to *you/us* and not *them*.

If  your parents, friends, children or loved ones still support Trump, they  are fascists. It might be a bitter pill to swallow and accept but  people need to start coming to grips with it.
Yeah I'm thinking why so many people don't care about his scandals is because they're so constant, so they're either totally desensitized to them or they think because of how often they hear about them that there's just no way they're actually real. It does feel like he's just so bad that there's way this crap can be real, but it makes perfect sense if you've known what kind of person he is since before he became president. I guess realizing the exact magnitude of how horrible someone you admire really is must be a pretty hard pill to swallow. No sympathy for anyone who still loves him though, you've got to pretty much throw your morals in the trash and detach from reality to think he's the greatest
If you’re going to title this, for the love of God. . . at least be precise. 

Barr didn’t say COVID lockdowns *are like slavery*. 

He said that COVID lockdowns was the greatest intrusion on civil liberties in American history **other than slavery**. 

Clearly, that’s not saying the two are on equal ground. 

With that said, Barr is also wildly incorrect. The 4 year Internment of Japanese Americans during World War 2, among other things, was certainly much worse.

Edit: I see stupid people are fine with half truths and misinformation. Sorry the truth is a hard pill to swallow.
I couldn't agree more.  It's a tough pill to swallow, particularly if, like me, you've always supported equality.  

It's not enough.  Blue team is not enough.  I've been debating with family members and realizing how much they just want things to "go back to normal.". My mom the other day flat out asked me why BLM is still protesting.  

"Normal" was unacceptable.  What we're heading toward is a total fucking nightmare.  We must resist, loudly, and march alongside our brothers and sisters of color.  Our asses are in the same fire.
Reversible birth control is one thing. Depo, UTD, the pill...but these require compliance and/or possibly follow-up care if something goes wrong. 

The issue with tubal ligation and hysterectomies is that they're not reversible. They're dangling a tiny carrot in the form of increased payments for temporary programs in order to coerce poor women specifically into making a decision that will impact them for life.

If you wouldn't expect a rich person to do it, it's morally wrong to try to trick or bribe the poor onto doing it.
... and yet people still refuse to believe fascism has come to town.

Anyone who still supports Trump and his administration and enablers in the GOP are supporting fascism. They aren't *poor misguided souls*, they aren't *lost puppies* ... **they are fascists**.

They don't and won't give a fuck or be able to help, as increasingly the  checks &amp; balances are corrupted, as watchdogs get removed and replaced by hand picked stooges,  as laws increasingly start applying only to *you/us* and not *them*.

If your parents, friends, children or loved ones still support Trump, they are fascists. It might be a bitter pill to swallow and accept but people need to start coming to grips with it.
Trump has a pill bottle of lies to embiggen him.
I don't know about her being a progressive but she def doesn't believe what she's selling. There's a pretty well spread story where her co-worker at the firm she worked at in NYC suggested she, a young blonde, jump on the Trump train early because she could effectively write her own checks as Trump was still a poison pill for Republicans to back at that point. 

That's when she sold out and started going on TV to defend Trump, after previously backing Cruz. 

The guy in the story in Michael Marcantonio, who's running as a Dem for a legislative seat on Long Island. 

Her backstory is rooted in doing what's best for her getting TV appearances.
That's a hard pill to swallow but damn,  I think you're right.  Hindsight...
Well put. Punishment just won't happen. Damn if that isn't a hard pill to swallow.
You're dead right and right now your rights are being wronged. What's left over is a poison pill for the Republic. The revolution was televised.
Yea.  Rush or some similar asshole was talking about how bad RU486 is and said "I've got a pill that can prevent pregnancy; hold an aspirin between your knees."
How is offering to cut billionaire taxes not offering direct bribes?  Isn't like they pill these numbers out of the ether yaknow.
Hah, they talk about “red pilling” each other on the right l. But the real red pill is seeing reality for what it is, and the GOP playbook is right out of 1984 and Trump is their man that has been able to pull it off and avoid consequence so far.

An aside: these trump Maga supporters all fall into some very specific demographics and it’s not even close to a surprise. Impressionable white no college males age 20-50. They feel the world, and definite the United States, is passing them by. They are scared and need authority figures to guide them. It’s such a cluster fuck, but I guess every population has a segment like this.
A few years ago, an Idaho Republican asked in open session whether or not a woman could swallow a camera for doctors to conduct a remote gynecological exam.  He was told no, because the pill wouldn't end up in the vagina.  His response was, "Fascinating!  That makes sense."  

The guy who asked was on the board of a crisis pregnancy center.
He was way better 7+ years ago, way less political. Now he has a bunch of far right figure heads that he never questions anything they say and sprinkles in progressives here and there just so his fans can say he's covering both sides. His new studio looks like the inside of a red pill and I'm sure it's no accident. Hes loosing his mind in the same way as his friend Eddie bravo.
Yeah, this is probably a [Ship of Theseus Argument](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ui-ArJRqEvU) to medical expert’s recent push to update terms to be more accurate.   Like changing wording on a pill from "only safe for women" to "only safe for people menstruating" so women who are not menstruating for whatever reason won’t take it.
Pretty funny that CBS News is the source. Sure, Google Sweden and COVID-19 and you’ll find tons of articles telling you how screwed up their response was, when in fact, the real data tells a different story. Especially when you look at their numbers as compared to other countries who completely locked down and destroyed their economies. Not to mention how COVID-19 numbers are even calculated country by country. That’s okay, though, keep believing what you’re being told to believe. The blue pill it is for you.
Dude...all of our pharmacy compa is just had to release a JOINT statement saying they will not release a vaccine that isnt 100% tested with no short cuts. 

Why? Because everyone is worried, based on trumps past actions, that he will try to force out a vaccine solely for his political benefit, and not for the saftey of Americans. 

Your post implies people don't want a vaccine. I think everyone you pill will say they want one. Its just the educated ones know that even the most recent of vaccines usually takes YEARS to develop and test properly. What Trump is suggesting is months...

If you dont find that highly skeptical, and the fact that he keeps pushing for an arbitrary vaccine release date right around election time? Cmon. You know everyone wants a vaccine. You know it wouldn't be smart to push something through solely because trump wants them too?
Hes been doing this for months. He blames every problem on "sleepy joe" but hes the one in charge. He has a bunch of zombies that swallow every pill he gives them and they follow him more than they follow their own God that they claim he also loves. He blames everyone but himself for everything. Hes a narcissistic, pedophile, who also claims science knows nothing, but hey half of America think he's the second coming of Christ.
He wasn't impeached over russian election interference but I don't blame you for not being able to follow the many competing attempts to sabotage his presidency. I'm just surprised you even remember the impeachment - no one else does - that's how serious the case was. Joe Biden won't even bring it up to attack Trump because it raises questions about Biden's own corruption and nepotism involving his son Hunter. 

Your opinions are being assigned to you. It's time to think for yourself. Take the red pill.
Only the very best people folks... 

“He has been accused of getting a woman he met at an Orlando strip club pregnant and then slipping an abortion pill into her smoothie.” 

https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/jason-miller-abortion-pill-smoothie-trump-aide-aj-delgado-a8552321.html%3famp
Why do Americans even need healthcare? Why don't they just get the pill that makes you stay 17 forever like Jared Kushner does?
Sure absolutely. 

Well, they ran the largest spam attack in human history on the United States with full knowledge that the some of richest people in the US were penis pill spammers.

Which, those pills are a total scam, to be clear.
It is mostly due to ego and pride.

If they concede that they did (in comparison to job wages and housing costs) have it easier during their generation than the current 24-40 age range it would be an admission that they did not truly amass their property and success solely on their own.

By clinging to the inaccurate claim that "They just worked hard" and that this generation of adults are just entitled is an easier pill to swallow than the contrary. 

Apparently a lot of people in this country would rather bring the ladder up with them versus admitting they had used it themselves in the first place.
I thought he slipped an abortion pill to her without her knowledge almost killing her.
And I imagine you believe Lincoln never said he would allow for slavery to stay where it is if it would bring the union back together? 

Hard pill to swallow, but you can't pick and choose how you want to represent history (This is exactly what you are accusing the other side of)
&gt;He realized exactly what he got himself into




He realized his adderall wore off and he needed to take another pill to the dome before his acceptance speech
You chose the wrong pill, homie.
There’s no such thing. Prove it. There’s easier ways to stop making babies, your don’t need to remove half your fucking uterus to achieve unfertilization. Please stop putting yourself as the victim on every situation. Jesus fucking Christ. These women are getting their insides removed against their will and they won’t have the chance to have kids if they choose to. If you weren’t so blinded by “social BS” you would realize how serious that is to any “living creature”. But yeah you could always use condoms or take a pill. Such injustice
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.prismreports.org/article/2020/9/15/exclusive-georgia-doctor-who-forcibly-sterilized-detained-women-has-been-identified) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; According to the complaint, it appears as if detention center officials transfer women to an outside gynecologist, now believed to be Amin, and that detained women told Project South they do not trust the doctor.

&gt; J. Marion Sims, the 19th-century doctor considered the &amp;quot;Father of gynecology,&amp;quot; experimented on enslaved women.

&gt; The American doctors behind the birth control pill first tested the medication on low-income Puerto Rican women, forcing them to become &amp;quot;Unwitting guinea pigs.&amp;quot; As another example, nationwide eugenics campaigns targeted wide swaths of people for sterilization because they were considered &amp;quot;Undesirable.&amp;quot; These campaigns first began in the early 1900s and targeted disabled people, poor people, and African Americans.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/itipfj/exclusive_georgia_doctor_who_forcibly_sterilized/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~524613 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **doctor**^#1 **Women**^#2 **detained**^#3 **complaint**^#4 **Detention**^#5
I think science has provided a pill you can take for that.
"I took this one little pill and now my membership is 96 inches long!?!"
Yeah take a chill pill. I hate the administration but it could be very likely this is a guy working on his own. Warrants an investigation of anyone he could be involved with but seriously let's take a step back and not get at his throat for trying to maintain an objective view.
That's the hardest part of this 30 pound pill we're swallowing. It's the sacrifice we've all made. The jobs we've lost, that I myself have lost. The businesses that have folded. Mask requirements everywhere you go. Schools opening and shutting all the time because 1 kid was diagnosed with the virus. The cratering economy. The 200k dead! His failure to be honest, has turned our lives inside out. And this empty vessel in the white house not only acts like none of this is happening, the bastard jokes and attacks the people that are trying to get us out of this shit. 

I think this is the chapter of this horror story that sickens me the most. He is willing to kill us all so he can look "macho". It's all about him and ONLY him. Fuck him.
Evil Pill Pharmacy LLC. 😂
Is there a pill we can take to make us think we've been fishing all day?
Well, he's also bankrolling it all off what was originally Apartheid emerald mine money, so that adds a poison pill to the mix, too.
Drug prices suck. But there is a reason MOST drug development happens in the US. Price controls in other nations make it an unprofitable venture. If we were to try the same thing in the US, pharmaceutical advancement and development would slow to a crawl if not cease. The second pill may cost the company 1$ to make, but it’s only because developing the first pill cost them anywhere from 400 million $ to 1 billion.
Also, the COVID money is for the COVID vaccine. It can’t be used for any other purpose, and it’s irresponsible for a US senator to imply that the COVID funding and the drug prices are somehow linked, when the reality couldn’t be further from the truth
I know plenty of people who have a high school degree, but no college degree, who have fully bought in to Trumpism. I also know a few college educated people who have unfortunately taken the pill.

Level of education certainly doesn't make you a good person, nor does lack of it make you a bad person, but in general the more education someone has, the more likely they are to be liberal and less likely they are to fall for Trump's bullshit.
Family bonds are tough to break. 

Just look through any topic here on how kids try to reason with their parents to not be brainwashed by right wing propaganda. Some might be saved but most of them are just not good people. It's a bitter pill to swallow when you realize your parents or other familiar are assholes. I spend roughly 2 years in high school in therapy to realize that my dad is an asshole and to just accept that is who he is. Thankfully, he isn't brainwashed and still votes liberal but he's still an asshole after all these years. My brother on the other hand is totally brainwashed and I am honestly not surprised he was either.
I live in NE TN, and this place is straight up pill country. Almost everyone around here seems to be hooked on painkillers. Looking at that chart, TN has the highest prescription rate on the list, and that doesn't surprise me in the least. We may not lead in opioid deaths, but we definitely have a huge opioid crisis and it's been going on for years, and being a very conservative/red state on every level of government has only prolonged it.
When asked by Joy Bihar why he didn’t react when Trump made lewd comments about his 15 year-old daughter, Cohen replied...
&gt;“I knew it was wrong. I would have never allowed anyone to speak about her that way… but I was part of the cult and there really was no wrong that he could do”.

Anyone who has ever been in an intimate relationship with a narcissist recognizes those words, or at least the sentiment. Narcissists gain power over you through “red pill” tactics, preying on your insecurities. First they flatter you with abundant attention and lavish compliments, so much so that your vulnerable ego almost instantly gets hooked on the high their approval brings like an addictive drug. Then suddenly the narcissist cuts of your supply, demeaning you relentlessly while simultaneously isolating you from friends/hobbies/job/family. Suddenly deprived of the sole remaining source of your self-esteem, in desperation you will do anything the narcissist wants just to get another fix of that sweet, ego sustaining flattery. Like an addict forever chasing that first “perfect” high, a futile quest, you contort and comprise yourself into ever-more subservient positions trying to please the narcissist enough so he will once again shower you with the same amount of unrealistic praise he used to hook you  in the first place. Like an addict seeking a fix, you do ever-more immoral or self-destructive things to please the narcissist, even though the whole time the narcissist, like an embodied drug, is laughing and mocking you over how totally he controls your ass.

Cohen is obviously a guy with a highly flexible moral code. But even so, I can’t help but empathize with what he endured under Trump’s narcissistic thumb. Having been through the narcissist nightmare myself, with an ex-partner I somehow still truly love, I can totally understand how and why Cohen, trapped in Trump’s thrall, would keep silent while the president got a chubby over his teenage daughter, let alone commit crimes for Trump that resulted in prison time. At that point even Trump’s glancing approval had become as necessary to Cohen’s daily survival as a daily fix is to a heroin addict, so utterly depleted and destroyed was Cohen’s own sense of self by Trump’s constant stream of abuse. 

Cohen deserves prison, as does Trump, but he also deserves a chance to redeem and rebuild himself. Breaking free from a narcissist can be as harrowing and painful as quitting a drug, and I for one am willing to give Cohen the chance to lead his own life for once, free from his addiction to Trump’s twisted praise, and judge him on what he does from here on out. I was given a second chance after freeing myself from a narcissist’s control, and I feel I owe it to Cohen to give him the same opportunity. He’s absolutely earned it.
Coming to terms with your parents being dumb is a tough pill to swallow..?
He says there's nothing he can do for someone who is "all dead" though. Which is necessary for the narrative to have stakes, but also placates the "only Jesus can raise the (all) dead" crowd. You might get a few sticklers on the miracle pill front, but at least it's not called a magic pill.
I hear you loud and clear. Four more years of trump will be a tough pill to swallow. But in 2024 it will be extremely unlikely that the Republican candidate wins the presidency.
&gt; It still might be worth it

It will be worth it.  We literally have no choice.  It's a hard pill to swallow, but everyone needs to listen to the experts.  We have no choice.
You're the kind of person that would swallow the blue pill in The Matrix.
If you assume tiktok is anything but a poison pill sure
So what if Biden is taking Geritol or some other form.of vitamins. That is not an illegal drug. I didn't hear Biden accuse Trump of taking Cialis or Viagra to help him improve his non existence sex life that after taking the erection pill the only woman he can satisfy is Mary Palmfingers. But even if Trump was taking Cialis or Viagra does it really matter?.

If Trump wants a drug test taken of Biden before the debates the only thing they can test for is illegal drugs and if little Donnie was tested he would fail miserably. Perhaps the Whitehouse needs to test the Trump staff for illegal drugs as much as they test for Covid and release the test results to the public.  After all the public has a right to know which employees of theirs are taking illegal drugs.
I've got no idea how it all works but lets say I own EvilPills Pharmacy, LLC and I donate $10,000/year to Mr. Bribes the politician. Then a bill comes up that makes pills that are evil *illegal*. Obviously, I want this bill to fail. So I tell Mr. Bribes that I disagree with this bill.

Mr. Bribes ignores me and votes yes on the bill, but lucky for me it fails anyways.

Now I immediately stop donating $10,000/year to Mr. Bribes and then immediately start donating $20,000/year to Mr. Corrupt who is running against Mr. Bribes. Next election Mr. Corrupt wins.

Then the evil pill ban bill comes back. Mr. Corrupt votes no on it. The bill fails again. I continue paying Mr. Corrupt his $20,000/year in campaign donations.

This is obviously quid pro quo, correct? I'm very clearly paying politicians to vote no on bills that I tell them I don't like. But is it legal?

If this is legal, IMO, we are fucked.
He had a press conference last week and he was sniffing the entire time. At one point, you could see a white piece of something fly out of his nose. Looked like a small bit of a pill that didn't get crushed all the way.
I think many people are likely in denial. Recognising that your country could very well start murdering minorities and political prisoners in concentration camps within the next 5 years is a pretty tough pill to swallow. 

I think it will require a violent revolution or at least an unprecedented public resistance to get Trump to leave. The dude is not going to step down just because the rules say he should or because of some stupid election. The army wont budge. Anyone who tries to take action will be indicted by Barr. 

I hate it too but the fact is, it's too late. They have centralised enough power now that nothing other than a people's uprising will be able to remove them.
Hmmm... I think if you went back in time and told the rest of the story early (the equivalent of yelling "DUMBLEDORE DIES!), it would still have found several receptive audiences because it supports their pre-existing fears and prejudices.  Plenty of "Christians" who view the LGBTQ community as an evil group trying to fuck and corrupt their children and destroy family values.  Plenty of disgruntled members of the lower-class who (rightfully) hate the banking system and institutions of global capitalism.  Plenty of prejudiced people who have already swallowed the pill of anti-semitic conspiracies.  Plenty of disillusioned Americans who (rightfully) see that persons of a certain class who avoid accountability by virtue of their wealth and power.  Plenty of Republicans who can feel that their power and support in general society is waning (not realizing that they are, in fact, in the minority and that the GOP retains representation in government through gerrymandering and other chicanery).

The main benefits Q derived from telling the story through "breadcrumbs" was avoiding detection from knowledgeable people, and giving these separate groups of people time to coalesce/form community, and let them plug the growing narrative plug into their pre-existing conspiracy theories.
Good catch.  It’s both.  

There is a red pill, a blue pill and an orange pill.
did you mean to type *pile*? I hope not, because *the orange pill* is truly inspired.
I call profiteering for which there should be legal recourse but sadly, our government is complicit.  

The drug pricing lobby has its tentacles everywhere in DC and are major contributors to campaigns.

https://www.citizensforethics.org/a-bitter-pill-how-big-pharma-lobbies-to-keep-prescription-drug-prices-high/

The LA times article points to the massive profiteering by this and other pharmaceutical companies, these two snippets do not do the article justice.  
....

&gt;AstraZeneca’s second round of increases came after it secured a $1.2-billion commitment in May from the U.S. for vaccine development and as the company was reporting more than $3.6 billion in operating profits in the *first half* of 2020.

.....

&gt;Other wealthy countries in Europe, East Asia and elsewhere more aggressively control the cost of medications, either directly through government price-setting or indirectly through tightly regulated price negotiations. That has protected patients in these countries from the cost burdens that now routinely overwhelm Americans, studies show.
Another day, another lie.

Character matters unless  you are a Republican, then you don't give a damn about character.  

Republicans used to claim that character matters.  Well, that has been proven to be a pill of orange shit.
Yeah, and Trump has always had these shifty / quacky personal physicians - reminding me of Dr Nick on the Simpsons. Tell tale sign of a pill addict.
God dude, you're so off it's embarrassing. There is no BLM organization. All black people are crisis actors paid by George Soros to insure we lose focus on Hillary Clinton running a pedophile ring out of a pizza place. 

&amp;nbsp; 

Wake up sheeple and take the red pill for supply side Jesus!
Depends on what mg pill it is.
Good chance the pill addiction was the result of his medical problems, as those came to light in the late 90s, and his pill addiction was revealed several years later.     

Edit: Apparently the opioid addiction was due to back surgery. [Here's a source](https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/story?id=128270&amp;page=1) despite what it says, there were reports of his hearing loss well before 2000. I was alive then and remember.
You know, people want to complain about socialized medicine, but how's about this. All drug research is funded by tax dollars. So when a drug comes to market, it can be sold at a reasonable price. The majority of drugs cost pennies to make per pill. So even marked up to 1 dollar a pill, 1000% markup, the drug companies still win, and so do Americans. Very simple solution. So I expect congress to not do it cause , I don't know, reason$.
I thought the demagogue known as rushbo went deaf from over-using opioids. He was a major pill popper for years. And thus his ADA needs were self-inflicted. Crack users and potheads?  Throw those fuckers in jail. This guy gets the medal of freedom. Go figure.
Really a Fox new poll? The company that sucks off trump any chance they get says Alzheimer’s riddled joe Biden is more mentally sound then pill popping trump!
Well we know he used to use a certain diet pill far longer then was recommended.

"In 1993, Harry Hurt’s unauthorized biography on Trump, Lost Tycoon, corroborated the rumors and went one step further:

The diet drugs, which [Trump] took in pill form, not only curbed his appetite but gave him a feeling of euphoria and unlimited energy. The medical literature warned that some potentially dangerous side effects could result from long-term usage; they included anxiety, insomnia, and delusions of grandeur. According to several Trump Organization insiders, Donald exhibited all these ominous symptoms of diet drug usage, and then some.

The supposed drug Trump took back then was Tenuate Dospan, a drug with speed-like effects that’s not unlike dexedrine.

These rumors say Trump stopped seeing Dr. Greenberg decades ago. But according to our source, the Donald Trump of today is on a diet drug called phentermine—and has been since at least April of 2014.

Phentermine first gained notoriety in the U.S. under the name Fen-Phen, a “miracle” combination of phentermine and [fenfluramine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fenfluramine), another established anti-obesity drug. The only problem with it was that patients taking the drug began reporting damage to their hearts and lungs. Apparently, the combination destroyed patients’ bodies’ abilities to regulate the amount of serotonin.

Phentermine on its own, however, is still prescribed. And while the U.S. National Library of Medicine notes that most people take phentermine for a month or so at a time, since the drug is addictive, Trump has supposedly been taking it continuously for over two years."

https://gawker.com/rumor-doctor-prescribes-donald-trump-cheap-speed-1782901680
The recent white pill that shot out of his nose on camera was a dead giveaway.
Biden’s response should be “Unlike you, I don’t need the ‘little blue pill’ Mr President!”
The Red Pill is turning into Red Dawn. 

If you were Putin, why wouldn’t you do it this way?
I’m not following the logic. The article talks about removing voters in which benefitted Clinton and hurt Sanders. The article you posted about Georgia is 404 so not sure what you were trying to say with that. I’m assuming the results are the same. Getting rid of voters who probably are hurting your cause. 

And again both sides have tried to pass laws on securing the election.  One side isn’t going to give until the other does so it doesn’t surprise me that the senate isn’t passing a house bill. I’m sure both sides throw in a poison pill in the bill as well. Gives everyone cover that they tried something but the other side isn’t doing anything about it.
Dont forget, anti abortion laws will help bring about a whole new crop of uneducated impressionable idiots who will swallow any pill republicans feed them. It's truly pathetic how they not only embrace ignorance, they're fucking PROUD of it.
I dont think occupy can be put into that same boat. Occupy, at its core, was protests over bankers being bailed out while we face a national recession. 


Tea party was literally backed by the right wing. Gamergate might have started over games journalism but very quickly blew up into anti women/anti progressive ideology. Alt right has always just been fascism and bigotry. Red pill was just misogyny and chauvinism. Incels was something that started mildly sympathetic with people actually being ugly and was once again, coopted by shitty losers wanting an excuse to be misogynistic.
&gt;Tea party was most likely a test run in social engineering to see how they can turn faux grass roots movement into a political powerhouse.

Tea party, Occupy Wall Street, Gamergate, Alt-right, Red Pill/Incel. It's evolution, baby.

Edit: Yes, OWS fits. Tighter than you're willing to believe.
Right? Shouldn’t they also be upset with Viagra?! If Viagra is cool so is The Pill.
The confirmation came a couple days ago when a coke/crushed up pill booger flew out of his nose.


https://mobile.twitter.com/vote4robgill/status/1303038795705659395?s=09
Reminder: This guy tried to slip a woman an abortion pill.
Didn’t they make a smart pill though like 3 years ago? I remember there was a a bit of a hubbub about it. What ever happened to that?
Sorry bs argument denied. Only pregnancy from rape is forced. You cant be a victim of your own decisions. Its like saying youre a victim because you age or become hungry. 

On the second half agreed, however wheres the proof they are denied a 2 dollar condom, the pill, iud etc? Denied access at school where they give them away?

1/2 dont use birth control in the first place:

https://www.guttmacher.org/news-release/2018/about-half-us-abortion-patients-report-using-contraception-month-they-became

So that argument is a tall order.  Data overrules your opinion.
Cause if your not ADHD, it just works like weak speed.

If hes crushing it and snorting it, it has all the feel of and ritual of doing a line of speed, but its nowhere near as intense, and its not even as strong as simply swallowing the pill.  

I know, but wouldnt trump have an unlimited amount of the stuff? sure.  But it only comes is certain strengths, and after a point its how much adderall dust can you snort?  The vast majority is filler.

Interesting points, like I said, snorting gives a weaker effect than swallowing the pill, and for some reason snorting gives little to none of the appetite suppression that amphetamines usually grant.

Also, at the higher strength dosages, the pill are orange/peach, and so of course is their dust.  So maybe, thats not spray tanner coating Trumps face, but adderall dust...
Yes, the jaw thing is called "grimacing" and the thing he's doing with his fingers is called "pill rolling."  Both are symptoms of stimulant abuse.  My guess is he's taken a lot of Adderall.
The "stimulus package" contained the poison pill of that absurd liability protection for employers/companies that spread COVID. If McConnell wanted it to pass, that would not have been included.
Contraceptives are also a no-no for the evangelical republicans. They’ll probably find a way to fund condoms, but not the pill, implants and other methods women use.
Ah yes, the limitless pill. Ofcourse.
&gt; that just isn't how these drugs work

I'm sorry too!  I took Adderal once.  It was an orange, almost hexagonal pill.  I was TOTALLY WIRED.  I wanted more than anything to speak to people and do as much work as POSSIBLE.  I'm sorry!
I'm really glad it helped you through. I tell most of my clients that we live in a society that is just completely unnatural. We are disconnected from one another, we are part of a grueling economic system, our food is garbage, we are destroying the planet, and via technology we have information coming at us like water out of a fire hydrant. It is just too much. How in the hell are we supposed to have enough serotonin available in these conditions? It's an unnatural way of living so I take an unnatural pill to get through it all.
I think it’s more like he abuses adderall or something similar - using it as more of an energy pill than for attention and focus. 

You’re discussing what would happen if he took the correct therapeutic dose.
**Susan:** “All right," said Susan. "I'm not stupid. You're saying humans need... fantasies to make life bearable."  

**Death:** REALLY? AS IF IT WAS SOME KIND OF PINK PILL? NO. HUMANS NEED FANTASY TO BE HUMAN. TO BE THE PLACE WHERE THE FALLING ANGEL MEETS THE RISING APE.  

**Susan:** "Tooth fairies? Hogfathers? Little—"  

**Death:** YES. AS PRACTICE. YOU HAVE TO START OUT LEARNING TO BELIEVE THE LITTLE LIES.  

**Susan:** "So we can believe the big ones?"  

**Death:** YES. JUSTICE. MERCY. DUTY. THAT SORT OF THING.  

**Susan:** "They're not the same at all!"  

**Death:** YOU THINK SO? THEN TAKE THE UNIVERSE AND GRIND IT DOWN TO THE FINEST POWDER AND SIEVE IT THROUGH THE FINEST SIEVE AND THEN SHOW ME ONE ATOM OF JUSTICE, ONE MOLECULE OF MERCY. AND YET  *Death waved a hand*. AND YET YOU ACT AS IF THERE IS SOME IDEAL ORDER IN THE WORLD, AS IF THERE IS SOME...SOME RIGHTNESS IN THE UNIVERSE BY WHICH IT MAY BE JUDGED.  

**Susan:** "Yes, but people have got to believe that, or what's the point—"  

**Death:** MY POINT EXACTLY.

*- Final Dialogue from Terry Pratchett's - The Hogfather*
I started my NRI and sleeping pill about a month after my mom died a few years ago. I credit that shit for saving my life. Thank god for modern medicine as much as some people shit on antidepressants and antianxieties they can literally save lives. Also thank you for the work you do.
&gt; Everyone thats voting for him: shrug

I dunno about that. There's a block of seniors who may have lost a lot of friends from this, not to mention those who lost family. Even the most cultlike of Trump supporter could change their mind under such grief and loss.

It's a bitter pill to swallow for anyone who saw Trump pretend that there's jam tomorrow over the course of months as their loved ones cough out their last breath on a ward they aren't able to visit. And the news that the situation was evitable, at least to some degree, if Trump took things as seriously as he said in conifidence is not something people would ignore.
Yeah, having access to all of that info while never learning any research skills is a disaster. They truly believe "Bobs TRUE conspiracy and Chemtrail tracking blog" (covered with Russian porn and dick pill ads) is as credible as a major news publication that has been around for 150 years or a respected medical journal. 

It's stupifying.
Yep. Which is absurd because the NLP plays the same game as the GOP. Remember ScoMo’s “poison pill” budget and Abbott rescinding diplomatic appointments and secret meetings with Murdoch?

Australians are so deeply apathetic that we fail to see that we’re on the same pathway as the USA—and much of the world.
True but let's not pretend the FDA wasn't corrupt as hell already.  We lost the FDA to corruption literally generations ago.

Consider the FDA refused to allow tons of clinical research in regards to cannabis for like 75 years, even though it has had the full legal authority to do so despite cannabis being banned from the general public, and in the meantime has rushed through much more dangerous and deadly drugs... the FDA has been corrupt as all hell for a long, long time. They have chosen not to allow nearly all requests for statistically significant clinical research trials with cannabis. For decades and decades they’ve done this and never once with a medically sound reason. The DEA then turns around and says we have to keep cannabis illegal Federally because there aren’t enough clinical trials to show its relative safety. Then the FDA refuses to allow the trials, saying the risks outweigh the benefits or some other BS. Rinse and repeat. For generations.

Meanwhile over and over the FDA rushes through a pill made by PharmaCorpX or some other company that has 1000x worse side effects than cannabis, is less effective at treating the targeted disease even, but which is patented and makes PCX gobs of money (the same PCX who’s stockholders and even former employees take turns at gigs being commissioners of the FDA). It’s all been a bullshit catch 22 that’s been sold to the public as good governance and ‘law and order’ for generations but it is all just a big corrupt scam by politicians, the FDA, law enforcement, and the pharmaceutical industry (which the FDA has essentially been captured by, and that happened long before Trump).

In fact, I'd say the obvious corruption and 'agency capture' (when industry essentially operates as the directors or commissioners of an agency) in much of the Federal government is part of the reason people treat Federal elections like a bad joke. The whole system is inherently corrupted, blatantly so even, and I think that is part of the reason we ended up with a President like Trump... who then sets out to corrupt our institutions even more. Even as corrupt as Trump is (and he is corrupt as hell), he still may be more of a symptom of the systemic corruption that has long plagued the halls of Federal power. The swamp pre-existed Trump and encourages liars and psychopaths like him to jump in headlong.
They are allowed to by law and long have been. You most certainly should blame the FDA; they are the most to blame of any government agency. Blame the politicians too of course, but as far as government agencies... the FDA *can* approve clinical trials on cannabis on a large scale even though it is illegal for the general public to possess the drug, and they could have been doing so for the last 70 or however many years it’s been. They have the full legal authority to do so. They have *chosen* not to allow nearly all requests for such clinical research trials. For decades and decades they’ve done this and never once with a medically sound reason. The DEA then turns around and says we have to keep cannabis illegal Federally because there aren’t enough clinical trials to show its relative safety. Then the FDA refuses to allow the trials, saying the risks outweigh the benefits or some other BS. Rise and repeat. For generations.

Meanwhile over and over the FDA rushes through a pill made by PharmaCorpX or some other company that has 1000x worse side effects than cannabis, is less effective at treating the targeted disease even, but which is patented and makes PCX gobs of money (the same PCX who’s stockholders and even former employees take turns at gigs being commissioners of the FDA). It’s all been a bullshit catch 22 that’s been sold to the public as good governance and ‘law and order’ for generations but it is all just a big corrupt scam by politicians, the FDA, law enforcement, and the pharmaceutical industry (which the FDA has essentially been captured by, and that happened long before Trump).
while this is shit, it definitely exacerbates the option between a "Giant Douche vs. Turd Sandwich" US election.

Still voting Trump, not because I like him, but because his policies are far better than democrats could put together. I don't care for BLM rioters (which have done nothing but solidify my voting choice) or poor people who just want free money and are likely not going to vote anyway. 

What a bitter pill for you all to swallow, but this is the truth. Regardless of whether you like the guy, his policies align with American's (outside of this echochamber) far greater than democrats could ever dream of.
Because they have told McConnell repeatedly they won't vote for anything that absolves employers of liability.  Full stop right there.  They knew as they wrote this bill it had zero chance of getting to Trump's desk.  It wouldn't matter if McConnell raised the unemployment benefit to 800 instead of lowering it, he knows that he's already put a poison pill in it that guarantees it won't pass the house.
The part that does away with the Payroll tax that funds a huge chunk of Social Security. It would essentially put social security in a similar spot the GOP has put the post office.


This bill was not relief. It was designed to be a poison pill for democrats. 


Reject it and GOP says:

&gt; "We TrIeD tO pAsS a Relief BiLl BuT tHe DeMoCrAtS sAiD nO", 


accept it and the GOP says:


&gt; "DeMoCrAtS Also VoTeD tO dEfUnD sOcIaL sEcUrItY".


190,000 Americans are dead and the GOP uses it as an opportunity to play catch 22 games. The current Republicans do not, have not, and will not ever act in good faith. People's lives, the economy, and more are in the balance and the GOP is playing games as an excuse to not help.


Of course, the house passed the bipartisan HEROES months ago and McConnell won't even bring it to a vote but senate Republicans seem to not mention that for some reason.
Oh I can’t stand oh orange one, but why did he (Woodward) not blow the media up 7 months ago with these tapes? I mean really. That, to me, is a tough pill to swallow after allowing the right to go gung ho all this time with the bs rhetoric spewed by 46-1. It seems it could’ve been helpful at the very least since it’s actually on tape.
So very true, look at like Trump ate a power up pill and supercharged all existing problems
I don't imagine your parents in their current mindset would raise someone with so much introspection

It's a tough pill to swallow but I would argue your parents have changed (and might not necessarily be good people)
Now I have a theory on this one.

Ted Cruz gets the nod because next to Tom Cotton, I sure as shit know which pill I want to swallow (protip the one with the fast acting cyanide)
All I can say to that is a whole lot of people took the red pill after watching the matrix. Don't underestimate humanities' strange capabilities. Many would have walk, many would have seen it as a road map for how not just US but the world should be.
&gt; The only reason its labeled as a "poison pill" is because Dems don't want to admit that the DNC is just as greedy, corrupt, and twisted as the GOP.

You seriously think that? With a person like Trump as president, working with foreign intelligence to win an election. Russian on top of that. Come on man.
The "both sides" narrative doesn't claim that both sides are the same. It claims that both sides are equally at fault for the current state of affairs and neither has the average persons best interest at heart. 

The only reason its labeled as a "poison pill" is because Dems don't want to admit that the DNC is just as greedy, corrupt, and twisted as the GOP.
Well, the "both sides" narrative is also a poison pill pushed heavily by the right.  It sounds good and gives people a reason to not have to waste effort on actually thinking about things.  It's designed specifically for the intellectually lazy who haven't been absorbed into the propaganda machine, yet.
The lame part is that Trump supporters will swallow any pill being sold to them as long as it supports Trump. Evidence doesn't matter to them. They shouldn't be allowed on juries.
What I don't get with these lines of thinking is that okay, even if it all amounts to shit, would you at least not want to look back at your contribution feeling like you did what you could and you did the right thing, no matter the outcome?

The most charitable take on this situation for Woodward is that even if book sales had nothing to do with his motivation, he sat on this thinking it would genuinely have the most impact now, 200.000 lives be damned. Even with the cynical career angle eliminated, that's still a pretty tough pill to swallow.

Flip it around; would we have blamed him if he released it back then? Even if life had played out exactly the same, 200.000 people in the grave and Trump still around for the re-election, how assailable a position is it for him to be doing a morally justifiable thing in hope it would make an impact and stop things before it got worse? Would we be yelling at him that he should have saved that shit for primetime?
Again. Still won't matter to his supporters, and the rest of the GOP who hates him will swallow that pill just to keep from admitting they backed the wrong horse.
Here you go. Take a blood pressure pill before watching.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4mxvthCLZM
Nah, I'm gonna pass on the "brown pill." Thanks, though.
I feel you my whole house has been in lock down since early March and the fact all these idiots are ruining progress so we can get back to some version of new normal is a jagged pill to swallow. Stay safe! And thank you for doing your part.
Strongly disagree. The rest of the world largely has been riding the American coattails in healthcare for generations. The post-war USA has been funding all the medical research, profits, and development that allow them to get better quality medicine, advances in technique and technology.

If it weren’t for the US paying, Europe and Asia wouldn’t have modern medicine.

Now, not saying that’s good policy, but socialized medicine isn’t exactly incentivizing advancement in a field that requires constant advancement.

Even basics now like blood pressure and cholesterol medications are perfect examples. Started with a few pretty crappy ones, ended up with maybe a dozen and two or three really good ones. The heart attacks, strokes and other ACS we’ve dodged by these products is nearly immeasurable in scale, they’re pennies per pill now, but were (relatively) expensive for Americans.

Americans were getting the more effective Lipitor, Crestor or Diovan while the rest of the world got some old version that had less efficacy or worse side effects. Now the world gets our generics just as cheaply.

Oncology is a similar story with even bigger advances, but at huge prices. Cancer in many developed countries is chemo-radiation and/or hospice care. They’re not paying 400k for targeted immunotherapies.
Nice try. Nobody is buying it. It just makes you guys look desperate to distract from the shit show that is BLM and Antifa. What are you guys going to try to recycle next when this doesn’t work?The pussy grab thing? Nobody cares. You think (hope)it’s damaging but it just ends up being another red pill. Keep it up
In my province the Plan B pill recently went to over the counter.   No prescription needed.  Just one more little thing to help keep abortion rates down
When you're in a hurry, mash up and rail a pill right before you go into something social, sometimes you don't crush it fine enough but rail it anyways cause 'fuck I gotta get out there'.
If he goes to jail and loses his Twitter, his usefulness as an asset is gone. He was only bankrolled by them as a poison pill for democracy. Once the poison is delivered, the rest of the pill is worth nothing.
Opinion by 
Dana Milbank
Columnist
September 8, 2020 at 4:23 p.m. EDT
Add to list
Well, this is embarrassing.

Seems President Trump has run his reelection campaign into financial distress, a status that will not surprise those familiar with the Trump Taj Mahal, the Trump Castle, the Trump Plaza Atlantic City, the Trump Plaza New York, Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts, Trump Entertainment Resorts, the Trump Tower Tampa, the Trump Shuttle, Trump: The Game, Trump magazine, Trump Mortgage, Trump Steaks, Trump mattresses, Trump pillows, Trump perfume, Trump shirts, Trump underwear, Trump shoes, Trump eyeglasses, Trump University, Trump Vodka, the Trump Foundation and the U.S. Treasury.

The New York Times’s Shane Goldmacher and Maggie Haberman report that Trump and the Republican National Committee squandered their $200 million cash advantage, spent $800 million of the $1.1 billion raised and now face the possibility of a “cash crunch.” The culprit: “profligate habits” such as a car and driver for the now-former campaign manager, payments to Trump businesses, and a “vanity splurge” on Super Bowl ads.

Now, the cash-strapped campaign has had to abandon a $3 million plan to put the Trump name on a NASCAR race car. Sad!

Bloomberg News reports that Trump might pump $100 million of his own money into his campaign. But this raises another disturbing matter: Does he have any money? The president is still fighting to keep his tax returns hidden, and he has been using his official powers to direct commerce and tax breaks to his struggling properties.

Happily, there is a solution at hand to save the billionaire’s campaign from financial ruin! TMZ reports that a Bible signed by Trump is being sold through a memorabilia company, Moments In Time, for $37,500. In the photo on the merchant’s website, Trump’s Sharpie signature is scrawled generously across the title page, where the author’s name might go, right below “HOLY BIBLE/KING JAMES VERSION.”

TMZ reports that the Bible was signed at the White House during the first week of June, “just a couple of days after he’d ordered federal law enforcement to fire pepper spray and rubber bullets at peaceful George Floyd protesters” for his Bible photo op at St. John’s Episcopal Church. The photo-op Bible is not the one for sale.

But what if it were?

If an ordinary Trump-signed Bible can fetch $40k, surely the photo-op Bible would bring in a cool six figures for Trump’s struggling campaign from a wealthy Trump sucker supporter. (I’m looking at you, Postmaster General Louis DeJoy and MyPillow guy Mike Lindell.)

Heck, Scott Pruitt, then-head of the Environmental Protection Agency, once sent an aide to buy a used Trump Hotel mattress to curry favor with the boss.

And if Trump is good at anything, it is getting people to pay money for his name — whether it’s on their condos or, in one failed-to-launch scheme, Trump-branded urine tests. In 2016, people paid $49 each just to be listed on a wall in Trump Tower.

There was also that time Trump got a “fake bidder” to pay $60,000 in a 2013 auction for a life-size portrait of Trump. According to former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen, Trump’s charitable foundation then reimbursed the fake bidder, a pharmaceutical billionaire.

Imagine the millions Trump could raise for his campaign by selling articles from historic moments of his presidency. It wouldn’t be legal, strictly speaking, but when has that mattered?

Trump could autograph rolls of the “beautiful, soft” paper towels he tossed at Puerto Ricans struggling to recover from a hurricane.

He could inscribe chunks of the border wall, built by a group affiliated with Steve Bannon (who is now under indictment for improperly profiting from the scheme). The shoddily built wall is at risk of crumbling into the Rio Grande.

He could sign the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration weather map he doctored with a Sharpie to show a hurricane heading toward Alabama.

He could auction off autographed pill bottles with the 63 million surplus doses of hydroxychloroquine the federal government ordered.

He could even sell, with autographed plaques affixed, the cages he used to detain migrant children after separating them from their parents.

The potential auction items are limitless: the Helsinki 2018 lectern from which Trump sided with Vladimir Putin over U.S. intelligence; the Air Force One model redesigned to look like Trump’s private jet; a pepper-spray canister from Lafayette Square; Confederate flags and monuments he has protected for the very fine people who like them; the Ukraine documents never sent to Congress; the too-tight tuxedo he wore to Buckingham Palace; the golf cart he rode at the Group of Seven while other world leaders walked; and the unnecessary bombs and planes ordered by the “top people in the Pentagon” who “want to do nothing but fight wars.”

In an instant, Trump’s campaign coffers would be great again. Chauffeurs would be rehired, cash would resume flowing to Trump businesses, and all would be right with the world.
They're in for a shock when the world realizes there is no one-off magic pill coming.
Trump 2020. Take the red pill, watch some Steven Crowder.
Being a layperson doesn’t hurt your credibility here. 

We live in a country where we can feel assured that our pharmaceuticals both work and don’t cause harm (with some exceptions; eg. Opiates). That’s because- despite all the flak it takes - FDA’s normal system *works*. 

You don’t have to be a subject matter expert to understand that “things that go through the process work, so things that don’t go through it may not”. (Also, things that intentionally avoid the process like “supplements” probably do jack shit. If your pill *really*, demonstrably gave me boners/made me smarter/made me thinner, you’d get it classified as a drug and make bank. This isn’t FDA’s fault - Congress created the “dietary supplement “ classification specifically to allow the sale of snake oil, and the statutes forbid FDA from touching them unless bodies start dropping. The way to tell the difference is whether they make a specific structure/function claim - “cures erectile dysfunction”, like Viagra, a drug - or uses bullshit language like “*supports* testosterone , or “*enhances* maleness - like Enzyte, a supplement. Thanks Orrin Hatch!)
There are people out there that think women urinate and menstruate from the same place. Some people think the morning after pill kills a fetus. I do not want these people having a say in what happens to my body.
&gt; Edit: Furthermore, what are these weird boat parades? People wrapping their trucks with Trump slogans and pictures? Trump statues in their yards? I supported Obama but I would never take it that far? It's weird.

I've found that, for the most part, it's far more common to see right-wing people who have made their political identity a core part of their self-definition. There's some examples on the left, but it's far, *far* more common on the right. Personally, I think it can be traced even further back to the mingling of politics with religion and faith. A lot of people, especially in the deep south, but plenty all over, have their religion and faith as a fundamental part of what defines who they are. It's how they built their morality, their ethics, their beliefs. And when politics gets mingled into that because the politicians are appealing and supporting what their faith says, it gets even more ingrained in them.

The reason why it's such a huge thing for them, why they have these weird parades and Trump's name everywhere, is the same reason you're going to find it nearly impossible to argue or debate them out of any of their positions. To challenge their beliefs, to them, is to challenge who they fundamentally *are*. You're not just telling them that they're wrong about some random political issue - you're telling them that they themselves are wrong, that the core of who they've built themselves around is flawed. And that's a big, bitter pill for people to swallow.
I know it's all we got short of torches and pitchforks.  It's a hard pill to swallow.
And then a crushed pill chunk shot out of his nose.
Doesn't take much paying attention to get off the red pill. Shame those on it don't do much paying attention
I wonder if the data in this article on abortion rates includes termination of pregnancy with the "morning after pill"?  I assume such terminations are not technically classified as abortions, although pro-lifers are trying to classify them as such.  It seems that a microscopic fertilized egg only a few hours old could not be logically confused with a human baby, but, then, I'm pro-choice.
I’m 67 and my father was a product of the old rural south. Fresh or canned, fruit and vegetables every day, meat in small portions. They grew every type of bean imaginable. 

Something has profoundly changed with the rural life style. People walking the streets of New York appear healthier than the old boys down on the farm. 

I guess attitude, They live in the country, de facto “healthy living”. The doctor gives them a pill when there ailing. 
The smart ones headed out long ago.
I agree to a point. I have a friend In High school who did get multiple abortions and refused to be on the pill. 

She is functionally pro choice, but chooses not to herself and hopes that other people would chose not to and be careful to not have to.
Yes, those are the ones she is ok with. She just has a problem wen people re on their sixth abortion and refuse to use the pill or people who are purposefully careless. 

It’s like some one who doesn’t drink. You can be fine with other people drinking, and people getting drunk, and not agree with people who get drunk every day and drive.
Well it is a "poison pill" required by the GOP to make them bankrupt.
Lmao.

Honestly this is kinda true. 

I dont get the “HoW cOuLd TrUmP hAtE rELiGoN!!” Disbelief and comments here as if atheism would ever be the magic pill to creating good, intelligent people. 

Even saw a dude in here who couldn’t even reconcile Obama and Clinton not being atheists.

Ive met stupid, vile christians who reject science, but ive met about as many stupid, vile atheists who also reject science. 

Same goes for the inverse. Met some awesome,
Intelligent christians and some awesome, intelligent atheists.
If Trump wins, there will be two stories that will throw the country into chaos. One, that the number of votes counted diminished in blue counties by X number that were just enough to change the outcome vs. polling.

Two, X number of glitched, broken, or nullified in-person voting results were just enough to change the outcome.

You are right, court-challenged results can also result in X. 

We will be asked, again, IF Trump wins, as a nation, to just swallow this pill and listen to this insolent Fascist claim a "mandate" from the masses. The protests and resulting crackdowns will be like Hong Kong, and the conservatives will win.
'Eh' - where to begin here..?

**1)** You skipped right over the first point (Nobody reads the Bible more than me) why..?

Do you 'honestly' believe, Trump reads the Bible 'more than anyone'?  Simple Y or N.

If 'No' - then what's your best guess at why he would lie about that and are you (clearly) ok with that?

If 'Yes' - You're unfortunately stuck in stupid - not trying to be mean, i'm sorry - get well soon... [Proverbs 12:1].

**2)** 
&gt;"It's possible to be a christian and never ask for forgiveness...". 

Let's fix your sentance, again you skipped over something important, left a word out - why?
"It's possible to be a Christian and never ask, **God** for forgiveness". 

Take a step back and look at your absurd statement... Do you understand how important forgiveness is to Christianity or are you honestly 'just winging it' here?

Is being a Christian nothing more than calling yourself a Christian and waiving a Bible around when it's convenient? Can you walk 'the path' without taking the second step? *The first step is to stop fighting, God, (some describe it as falling to your knees, giving up the fight) the second step is to naturally 'ask for forgiveness' and it won't be the last time*

3) 
&gt;"...and it is possible he doesn't want to say a bible quote because that looks gross to his atheist audience". 

Again, do you know anything about Christianity? I'm honestly shocked at how little effort and thought you put into your comment but I'm going to keep going here...

I'm going to let you figure out how ironic and ridiculous this past of your statement is on your own, if you won't even bother to put on some real effort, then why should I? The answer is obvious - [Hint in 4)]. 

4) So I can't find, Obama quoting scripture at a 911 Ceremony 8 years ago -- along with other examples? Are you lying, lazy or both? 

**(---&gt; HINT&lt;---)** And, Obama wasn't afraid to show his faith in front of atheist... ["...Obama, never said a Bible quote"](https://youtu.be/VxFj4mv0rRQ)

Let's just cut the BS here, you're not looking for truth - you're looking for excuses to protect your own pride, Trump fooled you because you were easy to fool and that's a hard pill to swallow...

I'm not going to tell you, God doesn't exist, I was the neglected son of an alcoholic single mother. Something was there for me in foster care when things were bad, I later realized something was also there for me before foster care when things were really really bad and it's still in my heart today.

I can't deny what I experienced but I absolutely do not trust 'many' Christians, I believe it's been twisted into something else - I also refuse to force my views onto other people, they may not believe what I believe and they have every right to do so and with the blatant hypocrisy going on right now it's damn near impossible not to blame them. 

I'm not going to continue debating you here, there's plenty of truth in this response, if you can't own up to it I'm not going to waste my time - I'm not stuck here with you.

2 Timothy 4:3 
For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.

Proverbs 22:3
The prudent see danger and take refuge, but the simple keep going and pay the penalty.

Proverbs 16:18
Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.

Galatians 4:16
Have I then become your enemy by telling you the truth?
Here’s the daily red pill for everyone
As a European, I am allways in shock when you turn on the TV in the USA. Do t get me wrong, freetv,and I mean the actual program,  is horrible in Europe aswell. But my god is American TV flooded with ads and drug ads. They are targeting every single minimal problem a person can potentially have. Vague enough so that everyone can relate to the problems but also precise enough to know what the biggest health issues are. 
It’s all nonsense. Take this pill, buy that fitness equipment, drink this juice, Buy this fitness dvd, buy this kitchen machine thing.

As a foreigner, watching TV in America makes you think that America is a country of Fat, disabled, stupid, psychotic and lazy people. 

How hard can it be to not eat fast food every day, to move your ass and to slice your fucking Paprika without an expansive kitchen aid. 

The real solutions are not in the meds, but all in yourself. But there is no ad for that, because it would crash the whole system of disgusting consumerism.
Then you can continue to keep your private insurance, where you will serve to drive up the adverse selection bias in the government-administered plan, preventing it from realizing its full negotiating power and dooming it to die a slow bipartisan death. 

Pete, being a very intelligent person, but also beholden to the corporate wing of the party now after his sharp turn to the center, knows this. M4AWWI is a poison pill against single payer truly thriving.
I can see why people are anti Clinton and Pelosi but I don’t know how you can look at Biden and Trump and not admit that Biden will do a better job


Like it’s not even a bitter pill to swallow
For sure. I think what I’m trying to say is that insurance is a “model” for a social safety net system - that Americans can understand. Like social security is a model for UBI or Medicare is a model for universal healthcare. 

It’s like we as a people almost get it - almost touch it. Like we are onboard with the idea of a cooperative society, but the word socialism is a poison pill. 

Anyway, my original statement that is little fish will get fucked by a market crash via insurance carriers still stands.
Anyone working for the government has it. Even school officials. For example, a middle school girl was suspected of having an ibuprofen pill, the principal had her strip searched without parental consent (or even notification) trying to find it (didn't). School officials received qualified immunity since it "wasn't clearly established" (Safford Unified School District v. Redding).
It's not just the policies it's also the culture.  I've got a side of the family that's all-in on the cult, and they have managed to politicize their *own* health.

They've classified nearly every kind of common exercise as something liberals do.  Jog?  Liberal.  Ride a bike?  Liberal.  Hike?  Liberal.  Yoga?  Liberal.  They're left with pretty much playing high-school football, farm work, and maybe hunting as the only times you're allowed to exert yourself.  But nobody plays organized football after high school, none of them actually farm anymore, and hunting season is like once a year.  This is why those "coal rollers" will always gas some guy on a bike.  He's taking care of himself and that's for liberals.

Diet is the same way.  You have to eat red meat at every meal.  And you have to eat a lot of fast food.  And you have to guzzle soda and energy drinks.  Salads are too liberal.  Not eating meat sometimes is too liberal.  Just eating reasonable amounts and not constantly stuffing yourself and getting fat is too liberal.

Vices are the same way.  Every one of them has the mythical grandfather that smoked 3 packs a day and drank like a fish and lived to 100 so of course it'll happen to them.

Then when they go the doctor which is now like a multi-hour drive since all their local doctors are gone or clinics closed, it's the doctors responsibility to just give them some kind of pill that magically undoes all their poor choices.  And they'll complain about their Indian doctor not being white, and basically blame the liberals for withholding some magically medical treatment they'd otherwise get that lets you change nothing about your lifestyle and remain perfectly healthy.  And they'll complain about the drives, and the wait times, and the expensive treatments, but then in the next breath call it the greatest system in the world.

They've backed themselves into a corner where making themselves healthy is the equivalent to joining a collective farm or something.
Sure, but even if you walk into a room full of naked people covered in jello- If one of them says "I took the red pill!"... that's still a silly mf.
Biden can only tell you what day of the week it is because his pill box is labeled. He was the dumb brother and he went into politics to cover the illegal activity of his brothers and eventually his “I didn’t touch the woman” son.  DNA proved different.  You never trumpers  better look hard look at the devil  you choose.
"I took the red pill!"... It's hilarious to me that someone would use that phrase to describe themselves. It's just like hearing someone say "I'm extremely woke!".

I love that people can take themselves so seriously while being actual caricatures.
No more than they deserve to know the results of your personal colonoscopy report. Every American has the right to private medical, you need to read the laws they don’t just change because you feel. 

It’s like the car dealership telling you, well cancer runs in your family, so we cannot allow you to receive the loan you need for this vehicle.” This is irrelevant and a reach into this mans provacy that is only in efforts to make it seem as if he’s hiding something. He is, his personal business as a man and human being. Get off his back, Obama wouldn’t have sent any of you bend over Biden serving fools a dime. All of you lazy serfs should accept the opportunity to grow and develop yourselves, however the democratic radicals have you so codependent and scared all you can do is run to that pill bottle they have you when you’re stressed about bills. Wake up...

It’s weird that there’s no mention of save the kids, no mention of the police being humans not monsters, plenty of garbage “divide and conquer” tactics with terrorism and racism. So strange, when Hillary is supposed to go to the stand to be responsible for Benghazi and her and Barack Obama‘s treason by giving enemy of our country weapons in allowing our soldiers to die in efforts to hide that they did that. It’s really strange that all these people that are confirmed on Jeffrey Epsteen‘s flight was aren’t being tried however in Hollywood where there’s this huge sex scandal there now lowering the age of consent so that a 14-year-old boy can have sex with a 24-year-old man without any repercussions. Wake up to what’s going on it’s not about Republican or Democrat when you go to bed tonight ask yourself do you support what’s wrong or right? And remember God is watching you hoping you will resist the easy route.

Also I find reddit unfair as a Republican I’m not allowed to defend my president or my political views, I believe my first amendment has been infringed on. as soon as I started to share my political views and opinions I was restricted, I was gagged, by reddit and told that I was not allowed to post for eight minutes that I was “doing too much“ it’s upsetting to see that our Constitution doesn’t matter, and while our civil liberties and freedoms dwindling disintegrate everyone’s busy pointing the finger at something that’s so relevant. Come together, or die divided there is no way other than love.
Well unfortunately ladies and gentlemen. This life long Democrat took the red pill and will be voting red across the board.
Yeah, no that’s bullshit. I’m gay and I personally couldn’t remotely warm up to him because he sounded so robotic and fake. He quickly called to mind that unrelateable, inauthentic, unlikeable arrogance of Hillary Clinton and her campaigners that turned so many people off in 2016. Did you even hear him try to speak Spanish in his speech in Nevada? It was the most cringe-worthy, fake sounding shit ever and it was just embarrassing to listen to. The Latino community sees right through that “I can hablo español too!” shit, and him not realizing this shows how out of touch he is and how he will likely continue to struggle building a diverse voter base beyond white upper-middle class democrats. But it became more evident what a shitty fake person he was when he dishonored and insulted the entire LGBTQ community with his gay apologism and especially the gay pill comment, as well as trashing the history and significance of the Stone Wall riots. He and his campaign silenced and shut out Queer and Trans POC voices who were asking him to substantiate more attention on LGBTQ issues. He didn’t give a shit and rather prioritized talking about his husband and his marriage over addressing issues from his own community members. I wanted to like him as a fellow gay man, but it was increasingly obvious he’s an opportunist who disingenuously leveraged his identity to score minority points with democrats while stepping all over his community and throwing them under the bus when he got to that campaign stage. He didn’t even have to run against Bernie or Warren to be unlikeable because he does a good enough job of that all on his own, and he’s just getting started! The longer he’s in the public eye, the more people will realize how irreverent and out of touch he is. He knows how to act the career-politician roleplay to satisfy the pageantry of high-profile American politics, but he lacks a critical self-awareness that’s just exasperating. It’ll keep landing him in hot water as the democratic voter base continues to shift away from inauthentic career-politicians with middle-of-the-road gameplans who want to harken back to the glory days of the the Clintons and the Obamas, and more toward diverse and in-tune Americans with ideas that push the Democrat-sanctioned playbook. We’re already seeing that if we look at all the primary results this year alone. The progressive diversity of the House  candidates will be roaring in soon and leaving milquetoast politicians like Pete in the dust over time. Even Amy Klobuchar was more likeable than him because she seemed real, even if she didn’t know all the answers and had less to offer policy-wise. He’s not going anywhere, and he’s smart and has redeeming qualities, but he’ll have no struggle earning the ire of fellow liberals with time.
Did you even hear him try to speak terrible Spanish in his speech in Nevada? It was the most cringe-worthy, fake sounding shit ever. The Latino population sees right through that “I can hablo español too!” shit as well. I personally couldn’t even remotely warm up to him because he sounded so robotic and fake, but it became more evident what a shitty fake person he was when he dishonored the entire LGBTQ community with his gay pill comment with gay apologism, as well as trashing the history and significance of the Stone Wall riots. He and his campaign silenced and shut out Queer and Trans POC voices who were asking him to substantiate more attention on inclusive LGBTQ issues. He didn’t give a shit and prioritized talking about his husband and his marriage over addressing issues from his own community. He’s an opportunist who disingenuously leveraged his identity to score minority points with democrats while stepping all over his community and throwing them under the bus when he got to the top.
I get he was unpopular, I was just making the case that he was a bitter pill for America, too bitter, but also extremely necessary. I also think that we dropped him too early, like quitting a dose of antibiotics halfway through because it was making us nauseous and our pee smelled funny (sorry, but I couldn't resist bringing this analogy as far as I could).
Because union shops and your right to strike are good. Right to work also is a poison pill.
Because that would mean Trump has been lying this whole time and that pill is too hard to swallow.

They can't legitimatize the concept of a source not wanting to throw their safety and livelihood away for today's daily scandal, soon to be overshadowed by the next, etc. It's not like anyone else is holding the president accountable, and by revealing anonymous sources it disincentives other sources from coming forward.
I literally just explained why that doesn't work. If you dump all the expensive people on the public system and keep the profitable ones on the private system, the public system will be unsustainable. Pete's proposal isn't a ramp to single payer, it's a poison pill.
It still is. Unfortunately, we “import” a lot of American culture good or bad.

Just goes to show you that trumps poison pill for democratic societies and institutions is taking effect.
True that, man, true that.  I mean, idk if i'd describe it as watered down and inauthentic, but maybe...  I just feel it, at the very least that the romanticizing has led to pushing cultural norms that would be foreign to the texts themselves.  If Abraham or Jesus came back today they probably would not recognize what most people call Judaism or Christianity.  

If you find stuff like this interesting there is a youtube channel called NativLang that does some pretty good videos on the history of writing.  I'd recommend [Thoths Pill an Animated History of Writing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdO3IP0Pro8&amp;list=PLc4s09N3L2h3HtaAYVqOVKGt2h6wRasw2).
It’s honestly true. It’s a hard pill to swallow cause so many of us have family members that no one wants to just accept they are racist. 

What confuses me is my non white friends who lean libertarian still support him because of the boggie man liberals hell bent on stealing the world
The baby that it aborts. That’s a fatal side effect of taking the pill.
Can’t fix ignorance or willful hatred with a pill or therapy.
Fact check: this is false. The abortion pill is fatal %100 of the time.
This is an election year bill. It has zero chance of being signed into law, but it allows House Democrats to campaign on having signed it.

Similarly, Senate Republicans want to vote to ban a popular abortion pill. It also has zero chance of becoming law, since the Democratic-controlled House would never pass such a bill. But now the R's who voted for it can go out and campaign on their vote.
The only thing that happens with an abortion pill is you avoid a life-ruining mistake.
Yeah. I mean you can literally take the second pill of the combo during pregnancy- it’s used for inductions.
One death is caused by each used abortion pill.
I posted this several months ago on how effective free birth control is, because I don't think some people understand how cheap it is:

&gt; Abortions however, can be reduced by easy, affordable access to birth control, like how Colorado saw a 54% ^[1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_Colorado#Contraceptive_history) and 64% reduction in teen births and teen abortion rate, respectively, between 2009 and 2016 ^[2](https://www.yesmagazine.org/social-justice/2019/06/05/abortion-teen-pregnancy-decline-colorado/) when they made IUDs available to low-income clinics. This rate has dropped a further 20% between then and now, at a cost of only around 3.5 million per year since 2009. ^[3](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/) With a population that spanned from 5 to 5.6 million people in that time ^[4](https://www.statista.com/statistics/206101/resident-population-in-colorado/#:~:text=Resident%20population%20in%20Colorado%201960%2D2019&amp;text=This%20statistic%20shows%20the%20resident,to%20about%205.76%20million%20people.), that means that for literally less than a dollar per year per person of Colorado, they can prevent roughly 8,000 abortions in their state ^[5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_Colorado#Statistics), and that would likely apply to the rest of the US as well.
&gt; As an exigent excuse, Cruz wrote that the pandemic [is exacerbating risks to women's health](https://www.salon.com/2020/05/22/pandemic-abortion-crisis-more-women-need-services-but-access-is-harder-than-ever/),  which appears inarguable, but then said that "**pregnancy is not a  life-threatening illness,** and the abortion pill does not cure or prevent  any disease." 

The monumental ignorant Ted Cruz might want to check the statistics:

&gt; **The** CDC has found that about 700 **women** die from complications related to pregnancy or childbirth every year, putting the **U.S.** **in** last place among all developed nations in terms of maternal **mortality**. [https://www.nbcnews.com/health/womens-health/u-s-finally-has-better-maternal-mortality-data-black-mothers-n1125896](https://www.nbcnews.com/health/womens-health/u-s-finally-has-better-maternal-mortality-data-black-mothers-n1125896) 

Also Viagra "does not cure or prevent any disease" either but you fucking Republicans have no problems subsidizing that w/taxpayer dollars do you?  

Probably cuz you hypocritical fucks own stock in the pharmaceutical giant that manufactures Viagra.
No more blue pill in your fruit cup, Ted.
I wish Ted’s mom had had access to an abortion pill to prevent one life-threatening emergency from ever existing.
Which pill do you think has ended more lives?
It's been happening here, the US has been playing softball fascism throughout history for a long while. American Exceptionalism and having an "other" or "them" to point to as "well at least we're not x" has been the crazy pill to swallow for so many that allowed them to completely ignore brutal realities.

Hell you even see this shit now when people wanna sound off over China(which to some degree, sure there's many valid tangible concerns) but the same people couldn't be bothered to question or even generate an emotion to the glaring factors that sit in their own backyard.

I hear so much about "x is Chinese software" or "this company is in bed with China stealing your data" etc, but never a peep  about the endless laundry list of fucked up things feds in the US can get away with under the Patriot Act when it comes to unlawful detention, excessive force, spying, etc. 

It's like people cannot come to the terms that the country they had force fed as being "the best" or "most righteous" is festering with the same vile shit they decry at every turn whenever something involves a place like China or Russia or any where else that makes buzz worthy news.
That abortion pill is entirely safe.  They should make a form of the medicine that is tasteless that dissolves easily for men to buy.
Just because Ted Eruz can say it, dose not make it true. Isn't there birth control pill for the dude. It's always about what some guy thinks what is good for woman. Having kids don't make anyone a professional.
Abortion pill is more life threatening because it..... Aborts the baby. Geniuses
Wait didn’t a federal judge rule recently that women don’t have to even go to the dr to get the pill?
We do not have free birth control, except maybe from [Planned Parenthood](https://money.usnews.com/money/personal-finance/family-finance/articles/the-cost-of-birth-control), who does sliding-scale fees based on income. Pro-lifers spend an incredible amount of time trying to shut Planned Parenthood down. 

Also, apparently, a corporation owned by religious zealots such as [Hobby Lobby](https://www.plannedparenthoodaction.org/issues/birth-control/burwell-v-hobby-lobby) doesn't have to cover birth control in their insurance policies because, somehow, the pill causes abortions. 

Sex ed? [Varies wildly](https://www.kff.org/womens-health-policy/fact-sheet/abstinence-education-programs-definition-funding-and-impact-on-teen-sexual-behavior/). 

Ever since the Republicans decided to hook up with evangelicals and make the whole topic of reproduction into a giant issue, it's been...a giant issue. Their propaganda game is super strong, too, what with FOX "news" and [rightwing ownership](https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/insights/media-consolidation-means-less-local-news-more-right-wing-slant) of a whole lot of other media (TV, radio, newspapers). Also, never mind that churches are not supposed to talk politics (if they do, they're supposed to start actually paying taxes); preachers chatter on about how to vote and nothing happens.
You know what’s riskier than the abortion pill? Historical abortions when there was no pill. Coat hangers cut up the vagina. Bleach and other chemicals to terminate a pregnancy, OBVIOUSLY A BIT MORE DANGEROUS THAN A PILL YOU DUMB MOTHERFUCKER.
God forbid someone negates the effect of your pReCiOuS PeNiS PiLL!!!
In case anyone is in need of an abortion or contraception:

[aidaccess.org](https://aidaccess.org/) offer online consultations and will send out abortion pills by mail in the US, which are effective if you're less than 10 weeks pregnant. And of course [Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/) is an invaluable resourse.

[womenonweb.org](https://www.womenonweb.org/) do the same outside America. In the UK [bpas.org](https://www.bpas.org/abortion-care/abortion-treatments/the-abortion-pill/remote-treatment/) and several other providers will offer consultations on the NHS and send the abortion pill by mail.

And  [here is a list](https://www.bedsider.org/features/851-how-to-get-birth-control-delivered-right-to-your-door) of places that will do birth control online and by mail in the US, including "morning after" pills which can still be effective [3-5 days after sex](https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/contraception/emergency-contraception/).

I hope nobody needs these services, but its important people know about them if they do.
If anyone does need to make that choice, here are some links which may help. 

[aidaccess.org](https://aidaccess.org/) offer online consultations and will send out abortion pills by mail in the US, which are effective if you're less than 10 weeks pregnant. And of course [Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/) is an invaluable resourse.

[womenonweb.org](https://www.womenonweb.org/) do the same outside America. In the UK [bpas.org](https://www.bpas.org/abortion-care/abortion-treatments/the-abortion-pill/remote-treatment/) and several other providers will offer consultations on the NHS and send the abortion pill by mail.

And  [here is a list](https://www.bedsider.org/features/851-how-to-get-birth-control-delivered-right-to-your-door) of places that will do birth control online and by mail in the US, including "morning after" pills which can still be effective [3-5 days after sex](https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/contraception/emergency-contraception/).

I hope nobody needs these services, but its important people know about them if they do.
Well not wearing a mask might cause a death. The abortion pill is designed to cause a death.
&gt;I wish all pro-choice could watch an abortion start to finish. Experience each limb torn away from the struggling child’s body. Tear out the spine and every part of the body. 

That's not what the abortion pill does.  Why do you have to lie to make a point?
This post has no named sources. If you cant tell that the media is absolutely corrupted I have a pill you need to take.
Literally just heard my coworker talk like this, about birth control and pills. I think his exact words were "Viagra has good side effects, like you can get people pregnant. Why should girls have a pill that negates the effects of Viagra?"

Edit: the dude is like 56 years old, has 3 kids only one of which talks to him these days...
And then I have an office moment where I stare into the camera and reminisce about how my pregnancy nearly killed me and I had to take the abortion pill to avoid, you know, dying to death.
&gt;Sen. Ted Cruz, the Texas Republican who was once a ferocious opponent of Donald Trump, submitted [a letter](https://www.cruz.senate.gov/files/documents/Letters/2020.09.01%20--%20Pro-Life%20Mifeprex%20Letter%20to%20FDA%20-%20FSV.pdf) Monday to the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) co-signed by 20 of his GOP colleagues, asking the agency to take the abortion pill off the market amid the coronavirus pandemic, calling the lawful medication "deadly" and an "imminent hazard to the public health."  
&gt;  
&gt;As an exigent excuse, Cruz wrote that the pandemic is exacerbating risks to women's health, which appears inarguable, but then said that "pregnancy is not a life-threatening illness, and the abortion pill does not cure or prevent any disease."

We're in the middle of a global pandemic that's raging out of control in the US because our leaders - mostly our GOP leaders - are incompetent, cruel, and ignorant of science. This pandemic has crushed our economy, shut down whole industries, and made many millions of people unemployed. People are struggling to pay for food, pay rent, and pay their medical bills.

As if that wasn't enough, there's also widespread civil unrest and protests against racial justice and police violence. Unfortunately, these protests often become violent, themselves.

With all this shit going on, these Christian yahoos in Congress still think it's still a good idea to force women into having babies they don't want? What, do they want the population to grow so that COVID-19 has more people to infect? Do they want people who are already struggling to pay bills to have even more expenses they can't pay for?

These fuckers keep blocking new pandemic relief bills, which our country desperately needs, but they're more than happy to waste time on this bullshit.
They are talking about risk to the mother taking the pill  vs risk to men using viagra.
There is no way Viagra is riskier to the life of the baby than the abortion pill.
The abortion pill is safer than pregnancy and thats all there is to it no argument.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.salon.com/2020/09/04/ted-cruz-claims-pregnancy-is-not-life-threatening-in-effort-to-ban-abortion-pill/) reduced by 76%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Sen. Ted Cruz, the Texas Republican who was once a ferocious opponent of Donald Trump, submitted a letter Monday to the Federal Drug Administration co-signed by 20 of his GOP colleagues, asking the agency to take the abortion pill off the market amid the coronavirus pandemic, calling the lawful medication &amp;quot;Deadly&amp;quot; and an &amp;quot;Imminent hazard to the public health."

&gt; As an exigent excuse, Cruz wrote that the pandemic is exacerbating risks to women&amp;#039;s health, which appears inarguable, but then said that &amp;quot;Pregnancy is not a life-threatening illness, and the abortion pill does not cure or prevent any disease."

&gt; &amp;quot;Particularly in light of the limited timeframe during which a medication abortion or any abortion must occur, such infringement on the right to an abortion would constitute irreparable harm,&amp;quot; Chuang wrote.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/imd7pq/ted_cruz_claims_pregnancy_is_not_lifethreatening/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~521929 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **abortion**^#1 **Cruz**^#2 **pandemic**^#3 **women**^#4 **access**^#5
Pregnancy may be risky but the abortion pill kills 100%.
This isn't a wait to shit on Clinton moment, the midterms had little to do with her. 2010 was a reaction to Obamacare and people really not liking having a black president. People can try to say what they want and try to excuse it in other ways but some on the right could not keep their mouths shut on the real reason they didn't like them.

Then they redrew voting districts and the SC passed Citizens United. Clinton was never my choice but there's no need to blame a mediocre candidate when it was us, the voters, who stopped showing up and paying attention. I'll gladly take responsibility for my own apathy around then. I'll never make that mistake again.

Nor will I get caught up in propaganda. You should do the same judging by the comment you posted. Republican in sheep's clothing? She literally pushed for nationalized healthcare in the 90s. Her 2016 platform was more liberal than Obamas who had quite the progressive campaign himself.

Here's the insider strategy: she worked for the dnc for decades while Bernie spent the same time avoiding it and fighting it. Who would you pick to lead the party, the person who showed up for work for decades or the guy who only joined your party for a shot at winning the primaries? I say this as a two time Bernie voter in the primaries, I really wanted him to win. But I'm not going to ignore the very understandable reasons why the more moderate folks feared him and why the party preferred Clinton.

 Bernie just isn't a very good bridge builder when it comes to party unity or pulling in new groups to his wing of the left. It's been the hardest pill to swallow these past four years but demographic support doesn't lie and I can't keep denying to myself that this isn't the truth.
"Human birth control pill seeks to ban abortion pill, raising questions about conflict of interest"

ftfy.
I mean, couldn't a similar argument be made for Biden and most Democrats? They don't really care individuals interests. They have a bigger interest in businesses that fund their campaigns. Business interests usually run counter to the interests of the majority of individuals that aren't business owners. Voting for someone like Biden is a tough pill for me to swallow just because he's 40% (arbitrary number) less shitty than Trump. He's still mostly shitty.
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/white-house-denies-report-claiming-trump-called-dead-american-soldiers-n1239267 

Nobody put a source to this nonsense, but you all ate it up anyway! Smh

Edit: comment away. You're all missing the point! Down vote me to oblivion. The truth is a hard pill to swallow!
Can you imagine how much profit hospitals lose because of this pill alone?
Pro-life people. If you have a problem with the morning after pill, go fuck yourselves. Literally.
Massachusetts and Vermont are some of the few states (small population) who have Universal Health Care, and it works beautifully. If you had a terminal disease there, in small rural towns, you'd have paid access to the Boston hospitals which are some of the finest in the U.S.  It's not like Obamacare, so other states would probably use this method if it was well thought out. The U.S.A. is the only country out of most, without Universal Health care, and I don't see it can't be accomplished by copying the model for care of other countries, like Canada or England or Spain. It may cause higher taxes, but it also removes excessive medical bills, and overcharging for medicines (some costing up to $100 per bottle -( even $100 for a single pill) than most people can afford: That's obscenely greedy, because that money goes to the pharmaceutical companies who mostly use very little for research, and a lot for marketing!
He is literally the reason why there should be an abortion pill.
Ted Cruz is a walking abortion pill.
This is a very important distinction; what Ted Cruz is talking about is an actual abortion pill (the combination of mifepristone and misoprostol) that is taken in the first trimester to terminate a pregnancy.

That said, emergency contraceptives like Plan B work primarily (if not solely) by suppressing ovulation, so that there's no fertilized egg whatsoever to even try to attach to the uterine lining.
What if we just call it the pre-COVID19 pill or pre-police-shooting pill?
I had to check the article to see what abortion pill they were referring to: Plan B has wrongly been called an abortion pill in the past. Anywoo, I assume that to get the abortion pills, you would need a prescription from a doctor, and if the doctor is okay with prescribing it (as in, it is a safe drug to use) , then people without medical degrees should keep their opinions to themselves. It just seriously annoys me that these idiots want to ban a medical procedure and force women to give birth.
Since when is the abortion pill an issue for a man - this has nothing to do with his body yet he would love to control what women do with their body.
A picture of Cruz in the buff would definitely be a good abortion pill replacement however.
when they are career politicians who entered this job to represent us and whose choices directly affect our wellbeing, *yes*. they don't deserve second chances when better and more trustworthy people exist. Why would we??

I understand this might be a really tough pill for you to swallow, but nobody is entitled to forgiveness. You are never owed it. You fight to earn it through action and hope it's enough. Your happy positivity doesn't actually change the lived experience of real people. You not being racist anymore doesn't stop black men from being killed by cops, your feminism doesn't stop women getting raped. What have you done to combat these things lately? Have you even tried? Do you know how?

I'm glad you woke up, and this is the first time I've ever talked to you, but if you abused my wife, laughed at a black man dying, and told a native american "you lost, get over it", no bud, I'm not going to forgive you. What has your newfound progressvism ever done to *undo* the harm you did? hypothetically.

You might refuse to believe it, but you're in a privileged and entitled position to pretend that redemption is something people are owed for admitting they fucked up. The rest of the world is not so lucky. It isn't about you, it's about being wise. I'm not saying you're a sucker, I'm saying you might understand the truth about sexism/racism/etc, but you're still entrenched in a world of privilege where you can believe realizing it is enough to mitigate it. I bet even now, hearing this, you bristle and/or get defensive. You have a long way to go, but you did take a first step which is great.

If you break a valuable object, saying "oops, sorry..." doesn't count unless you're a 5 year old. As an adult, you pay for it or you fix it. It's easier when the valuable object was never yours. What have you done to fix things? What was Romney done? Why do you think *you* are able to forgive him, but others can't?
Okay Rafael, but your little blue pill goes with it.
If it doesn’t bother you, I’m convinced you took a badly laced red pill and are now living in a Trump haven simulation. That interview was embarrassing and down right fuckin scary. This is the Attorney General of the USA. If you didn’t watch it, I’m implore you to do so.
You have put into words what I have been thinking for months.  It is scary as fuck that there are \~40% of the voting public who *still* support Trump.  It absolutely boggles my mind.

I agree that the long term fix is an overhaul of the education system.  However, I think the short term fix comes down to social programs that can be implemented quickly that specifically help poor to lower middle class white people (aka Trump's base).

I know that idea is a super hard fucking pill to swallow.  Believe me, I'm not crazy about it.  But, the thought process is that if you can get these people to turn the corner mentally and realize that their lives are better with Biden than Trump, you can build support (or at least reduce resistance) to some of the more progressive programs.  

Of course, I'm no expert and this is really just an opportunity for me to vent as well.  I just hope somebody smarter than me has a plan to somehow break this spell that these people are under.  I don't know how you begin to de-program a cult en masse.
Bringing us to the point of deliberating if Machiavellian approaches to the south would have been better, albeit that would be a very hard pill to swallow.
Like I've been saying, it really doesn't matter if Trump wants to cheat, it matters if a whole hierarchy of Republicans from multiple states also concede that they cannot win without cheating. They know where and when to strike. 

What about the American people? Are they okay with knowing some cheating went down? Are they conditioned to think the whole thing is fubar'd anyway? 

What about Christian Dominionists who understand they might not be popular enough to rule but are bestowed by God Himself to rule?

The worst outcome is a razor-thin Trump victory and the open knowledge that enough voters were kept from polls, mail-ins thrown out, or broken/hacked voting machines to otherwise have had a Biden victory. And we are all just asked to swallow that pill, knowing it won't be fixed for 2022 or 2024, but made magnitudes worse by Trump's "mandate" to overhaul the voting system.
Is this a poisoned pill endorsement? This guy can’t possibly be popular in MI. And he seems like the type to benefit more from Trumps grifting chaos.

I feel like this is an endorsement to taint Biden in MI. Michael Moore said Obamas legacy of siding with the Gov in MI really hurt Hillary there.
Putting on my own tin foil hat here for a second...

I believe this is why there's been an uptick (at least there appears to be an uptick to me) in sexual predator and sex trafficking news and content on Reddit. It's an attempt to lend credibility to the Q narrative. It's their "red pill". "See, sex trafficking exists? Ergo Hillary Clinton rapes and eats children for their adrenochrome."
With a pill. And anything in a skirt including Rudy Guiliani.


(not responsible for mental harm due to imagining a threesome of Putin, Rudy, and Trump)
Dude I hate to break this to you, and it’s gonna be a tough pill to swallow, but those “concentration camps” on the border were set in place by the Obama administration. All those photos you see of kids in cages circulating around the internet were taken between 2008-2015. If you’d like, I’ll dump dozens of photos of children in cages that you’ve probably seen before, that were taken during the Obama presidency...

The term “Stormtrooper” is absurd. In June, Trump passed an executive order to protect federal property. That’s exactly what he did. If you vandalize or endanger federal property, you will be met by federal agents. Plain and simple
Interesting. If you don't mind me asking, is it combined with other drugs? And what is the dosage of ephedrine? In pill form.i am guessing it is a chest congestion preparation.
Oh there doesn’t need to be a pill it’s happening. And right now, if you are anything to go by, Democrats are woefully unprepared. I specifically looked for references of China in the DNC and they only mentioned it ONCE! It’s going to be Biden’s biggest hurdle and they are not prepared at all.
When you say it like that, I feel like I’m giving Trump a lot of credit right now with such a simple but high level play like this, but fuck, I guess I am. I think he might not know the exact thing he’s doing but that more people at the pill places that voted for him or cause others not to be able to vote against him is a good thing for his re-election. Which in a way it would be but I really hope everyone realizes how important an election this is and stays in lines, votes, no matter which side of the political spectrum they are on. Your voice deserves to be heard. And causing disruption to prevent others having a voice is fucked. Just truly fucked.
Well, I take ir and not xr, and I have a very good psych who I have a good rapport with.  When he prescribed me my meds he encouraged me to try out different ways of taking my diagnosed amount throughout the day.  Like taking a whole pill and see how long it lasts.  Maybe break it in half.  I actually break my pill into fourths (the amount I’m taking and the size of the pill makes this easy) and take it every few hours.  I get less of a crash like I had when I would take a whole pill or even half a pill.  Mind you, this method requires me having reminders and can be a pain, but it works for now. 

Have you talked to your prescriber about this issue?  My wife, who is also ADHD, was having a similar issue with her meds.  She takes Vyvanse (which is basically adderall after your liver metabolizes it) and was having it wear off earlier than she needed.  They prescribed her a small dose of ir adderall to take in the afternoon to give her a little bit of a longer boost.

I highly recommend talking to your prescriber about the issue you’re having and see if they have any ideas on how to help you out.  There are some options out there when it comes to ADHD and based on body chemistry you may react better to one than another.  Like all forms of Ritalin were next to useless on me.

My wife actually took a test to find out what type of medication her body responds best to.  Have you taken such a test?  Maybe ask your prescriber about it.
How do you crush up Adderall? I have a pill in my hand as I type this. It's like a capsule thing.
Maybe he just forgot he'd already taken a little blue pill since it wasn't working so he took two or three ...
Prominent white supremacists often realize their vote is a poison pill and they do more good for their candidate by associating themselves with the other guy. I don’t trust the words of a fascist who was literally zig hailing trump.
In the US heroin has made a come back because they have shut down a lot of the pill farms in Florida. The "Oxycotin Express"
That's when I knew just what an asshole she was when she voted down marijuana legalization because of her own history of alcoholism and prescription pill problem. She stated that she  just knew what it was like to be an addict and didn't want to do that to anybody else. That's literally why she claimed to have vetoed it
Can't get daddy's pill man to write you an excuse for a shoe.
They also quoted 3.something million successful applications of the pill. 24 deaths out of 3 million uses sounds ok.
the same Republicans who are so manly they need to take a blue pill
* [Mifepristone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mifepristone) was developed in 1980 and came into use in France in 1987. It became available in the United States in 2000. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines

Sudently it becomes a "deadly" pill...(pretending it is deadly to the woman and able to fall back to deadly to the fetus when confronted)...
Deadly meaning, not deadly and ridding a woman of a pregnancy without surgery or any other risk, called the "day after pill."
logic wont work on them, but its fun to trigger them and perhaps red pill some passersby. thats why no one cries that a disproportionate amount of men are killed by police cause we all understand why and its not politicized the way this black worship is
Dude, I'm not from the US, but I do have a horse in the presidential race - I want Trump to lose so that the country that spearheads NATO is lead by people who are, if nothing else, somewhat competent and grounded in reality. Because I'd rather not worry about my family back home getting their homes shelled by Putin's green men because the USA's force projection is on the way to becoming irrevocably fucked.

And I'm still going to tell you that the Rittenhouse shooting is a poison pill for your side if you try to spin it as anything but self-defense. Trump and people who support him are cringe, but this one was defending himself. The footage absolutely buries the opposite narrative to anyone who isn't blinded by partisan thinking. Take the L, and move on to a political battle you can actually win.
People who boast that they’re healthy all their lives are definitely struck off my mental register. It is impossible to never have suffered even minor ailments. 

My late grandma (who lived to 91) used to say that it’s a blessing to have minor ailments that can be controlled by daily medication &amp; you still can go about your way because you’ll be more careful and your quality of life is minimally affected. Those who are loud and proud of their perfect health don’t pay attention to potential red flags and get egotistical and these are the ones who’d suffer a major illness or die suddenly. 

My late mama (what we call our grandma) sure lived up to it. She had take a small pill daily for high blood pressure but she never had a stroke nor heart attack. She never had an operation other than a minor cataract one on her right eye. She died peacefully in her sleep at the ripe old age of 91. Bless her wise soul.
Simple logic alone predicts he would use drugs. The man has cheated every day of his life. Why would he possibly turn down something like adderall that he would totally see as a "smart pill?" 

He looked like he was absolutely soaring on something to me in that Axios interview. He was about to take off from his chair the whole time.
::: Pops a sun pill :::
Think you need to take a chill pill... Markey is probably more liberal but Kennedy also co-sponsored the Green New Deal in the House. Think it’s a stretch to call him a corporate Dem.
That’s the real red pill.
Kind of a bad headline as data also fails to show there is not a benefit and there are no indications of safety concerns thus far.

The data really doesn’t show much of anything definitive, all we know is that there has been some success with the method in past diseases where no treatment was yet available and some other countries are also doing it.

The difficulty now is that first of all, who would volunteer for a double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized study and take the risk of getting the placebo when the only candidates for study inclusion have to be serious, hospitalized cases?  Also is it really ethical to pump someone up with a bunch of blank plasma as a placebo anyway?   A saline Iv bag or dummy shot or pill or cream is one thing, but a transfusion is a bit different.
Based off that quote from Fauci in the article, I can only conclude this. . . . 

Nothing  less than a total lockdown for the duration of discovering patient zero in the US through widespread vaccine distribution was the only way people weren’t going to get sick and die in large numbers is based on the cold, hard fact that this country is old, this country is sick and this country is fat. . . And even then, for the reasons stated, that wasn’t going to be enough of a deterrent to prevent zero loss of life. 

As much as people want to blame Trump as the sole reason why we are where we are doesn’t exactly hold water. He’s part of the problem and part of the blame, don’t get me wrong. . . . But he’s not the sole reason. This is going to be a hard pill to swallow, but I think a big part of it was that unless we, as a country, were willing to make even larger shifts in the way we live our daily lives, this was going to happen because  we’ve got a lot of old people, a lot of sick people and a lot of fat people.
Not sure but I know he slipped an abortion pill into his stripper girlfriend’s drink
The public option is a poison pill Neoliberals want to use to destroy the concept of public healthcare the same way Republicans destroy unions with Right-to-Work laws.

They roll into a state and enact Right-to-work, everybody now gets the option to pay into unions or not, most don't, the unions collapse and *"oopsie daisy, would you look at that, that was certainly an unintended consequence that turned out exactly like we wanted!"*

In the saw way, neolibs hold single payer out as an alternative... but the rich wont buy into it, Republicans wont buy into it, the straight up lazy wont sign up for it, and they know this. So when it doesnt have the funding or members to be able to function like a government health plan, when its not big enough to have the clout and bulk-purchase deals that would make M4A the cheaper option, Libs can wring their hands and say *"oopie daisy, I guess if the public option doesn't even work, M4A would have been a real disaster! Oh well, back to private healthcare with its $1,500 premiums, that system is better for our 401k's anyway."*
Isn’t this the guy that slipped an abortion pill into a strippers drink that he got pregnant?
Yes I am adding new “if”s because nobody knows for sure what happened, so these “if”s will drastically change what the court will think of the matter, barring additional evidence we haven’t even heard of. To say for sure one way or the other, unless you’re an attorney with extensive knowledge of state-specific deadly force laws and precedents, is just silly.

I’m also not saying that “all conflicts have to be ended in a shootout” what the fuck? Dude I’m not arguing against you, take a chill pill.
Sorry if my snark wasn’t obvious. May I present to you Trump aid Jason Miller. Maker of abortion milkshakes 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.newsweek.com/former-trump-aide-administered-abortion-pill-1134501%3famp=1

That is who this shithead is and that is what I was referencing.
The senior advisor who made this statement, who was a senior advisor on the 2016 campaign, was going to be WH communications director, before it was revealed he had an affair with another campaign staffer who got pregnant and had a child out of wedlock. Also he's been accused of slipping a different mistress an abortion pill which led to her hospitalization (coma, bleeding out). So the claim doesn't even really apply to himself, let alone anyone else in his orbit
yes of course, well said. Just pointing out that at the time she had made a name for herself representing the staunch pro-life candidate (though that didn't stop miller from pressuring the abortion, or slipping another mistress an abortion pill, or any of the other hypocritical GOP-ers who have paid for their mistresses to have abortions in recent years)
&gt; he got allegedly a stripper pregnant in another affair and allegedly slipped her the abortion pill in a smoothie causing her to lose that baby.

Only the best people
He allegedly slipped another person the abortion pill in a smoothie, causing them to lose the baby.

https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/jason-miller-abortion-pill-smoothie-trump-aide-aj-delgado-a8552321.html
&gt;Trump supporters are a bunch of unpatriotic blue pill trash. 

I think you might be mixing that metaphor.  Are you talking about the movie or the men's movement?
This is the guy who, after he cheated on his wife and got his girlfriend pregnant, he proceeded to get a stripper pregnant and tried to slip [her a morning after pill in a smoothie. ](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/jason-miller-abortion-pill-smoothie-trump-aide-aj-delgado-a8552321.html)Obligatory *only the best people.*
I honestly think it's going to take Trump getting reelected before everyone wakes up.  Too many people are still just riding the wave and hoping it all blows over.  Because unfortunately, not enough white people are inconvienced to want to wake up.

Trump supporters are a bunch of unpatriotic blue pill trash.
Joe’s always been borderline red pill.
abortion pill, stripper, cheats on wife

from the "party of life" and "party of family values"

Love it.
His own d*ck ... the story talks about his support payments to his baby from an affair during the 2016 (affair was with another campaign staffer and I think his wife was pregnant at the same time) but leaves out another even more sordid happening ... he got allegedly a stripper pregnant in another affair and allegedly slipped her the abortion pill in a smoothie causing her to lose that baby.
Uh hasn’t he gone major red pill lately?
One suicide can be explained.  Two suicides opens too many questions.  I have a gut feeling that she has the poison pill that will release all information upon her death and she is only safe until the trigger is found.  Once the trigger is found, she will eventually get ill and die from a well documented illness that is extensively followed by news people to quell all doubt (cancer/covid/flu or similar).
Terrified / depressed / scared.... yup.  


Wish I could take a pill and fast forward to a week after election day.  Figure out if I'm staying in this country or escaping as soon as possible.  


If Trump wins, what this country has blessed is just unfathomable.
It’s too late. The morons have a new battlecry. It must be a bitter pill to swallow for all of theirs families that lost loved ones to Covid. It’s similar
to what they did to the Sandy Hook families.
Interesting. I know there's also a pill that spys can take so they won't feel alcohol.
And so can you and me too. Opinions are like assholes - everybody has one.  In America you get to have yours, and others get to have theirs too like it or not.  Might be a tough pill for a deep thinker like yourself to swallow but there it is.
It’s been a hard pill to swallow for me at times. 

“Pessimistic me” says most votes are negative, as in “against“, than those that are positive sometimes.
I used to be one of the people who said, “I work way too hard to have other people take my money away from me” about healthcare. Then I realized that the people taking my money each paycheck aren’t the people I see begging for food and money on the street. I was angry at the wrong people. Then I realized that it wasn’t the “free handouts” that were the problem; it was the fact that the systems we put in place to HELP people were only interested in helping themselves. Whenever someone would extend a helping hand to someone in need, paperwork and red tape would hinder them at every step. I changed my thinking. 

Healthcare needs a serious reformation. I consider myself very fortunate, but I know so many people who aren’t. Even if we can’t get on board with a “healthcare for all” movement straightaway, I’d welcome free birth control for all. I nearly had a coronary purchasing birth control at the pharmacy. Fifty dollars for one (1) pill, plus tax. I spent fifty-three dollars on one measly white capsule. All because I didn’t want to run the risk of having a child. That needs to change. If we have to start small, I say start there.
Are you being serious? It's almost like people don't like being called Nazis, fascists, racists for not supporting your cause and having a different opinion. Almost like they're tired of being lectured about their "White Privilege" when they have to go to work everyday to make ends meet and then BLM rioters go destroy cities and businesses and demand you pay their unemployment. How tone deaf do you have to be to realize that the majority of Americans don't like what the democratic party has become to symbolize. You guys better wake up or its going to be another bitter pill for you all to swallow in November.
This is what they call the red pill.
LYING WON'T FIX THAT!  

Take your pill and enjoy your first election ever.
The Democratic Senators that Tim Scott needed in order to reach a supermajority in the Senate and pass his bill felt that his legislation was weak sauce. It was essentially a legislative band-aid and wouldn't have gotten to the core of the problem. He was given constructive criticism and invited to keep working on the bill.

&gt;Chief among the problems they cited is the lack of legal accountability demanded of police in the Republican bill. “In a moment calling for police accountability, the JUSTICE Act, your proposed answer to this crisis, does not contain any mechanisms to hold law enforcement officers accountable in court for their misconduct,” Harris, Booker, and Schumer wrote in their Tuesday letter.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;Democrats’ legislation would limit “qualified immunity,” a legal doctrine that makes it difficult to sue police for misconduct: To even go to trial with an allegation of police misconduct, an individual needs to show not only that the alleged misconduct was a violation of their civil rights, but also that there’s precedent for that same action being considered unlawful in prior cases. **Republicans’ bill, meanwhile, does not restrict qualified immunity. Scott has previously dubbed the provision a “poison pill” and noted that including it would prevent Republicans from supporting the bill.**
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;Additionally, Democrats’ bill would further empower prosecutors to scrutinize police for misconduct and grant the Justice Department subpoena power in “pattern or practice” investigations examining whether police departments have engaged in racial discrimination, two areas the Republican version fails to address.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;Beyond its focus on legal accountability, Democrats’ bill would also impose federal bans on chokeholds and the use of “no knock” warrants in drug cases, while the Republican legislation would only use funding to incentivize state and local police departments to ban chokeholds and study data on the use of no-knock warrants.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;[Why Senate Democrats just tanked the Republican police reform bill](https://www.vox.com/2020/6/24/21301746/senate-police-reform-vote)
Well of course we are.

Luckily they make a pill for that too...
Panic mode initiated. The majority of people have seen first hand what these so called Democratic leaders have done. Perpetuate hate and cater to the emotion. News flash, you’re the minority. November is going to be a rude awakening for most on Reddit and this sub but it’s ok. Just like 2016 no rights will be taken. Blacks will certainly not be enslaved and America will move on. So take a chill pill, breath and Trump will be your president for four more years whether you like it or not.
Depends which drugs.  A lot of big pharma’s successful drugs are generic at this point, and many of the most commonly used drugs are extremely cheap; e.g., walk through a Costco pharmaceutical aisle and you’re usually at a fraction of a penny a pill.  That being said, there are some very expensive drugs out there that marijuana might be a substitute for, but we just don’t know because there’s been so little research.  The fucked up part from a medical perspective is less that we’re not allowed to use marijuana for a bunch of stuff, but that because of its federal scheduling, that we don’t even know if it could be helpful.  It’s so fucked up.  Even if you didn’t want the average person self-medicating with weed, there’s no excuse for the lack of medics institutional research and knowledge about what marijuana might solve in more focused application.
Not once it gets pressed in pill form...
Are you calling modern day Mississippians traitors? Even if you meant during the civil war they were still Americans, I know, tough pill to swallow for Reddit. 

Or did you mean the population of free black confederates? I can see a warped leftist perspective where they would be labeled traitors, but no, they were Americans too.
This, he acts as if my uncle picked up a prescription pain pill and decided “hey I’m gonna get addicted” like it’s a mental (and physical) illness that requires proper care to treat, it is not because the addict is evil, it is because the addict is sick, my dad just assumes that I’m “taking his side” which I think is stupid, but my dad sees the whole world as a me vs them conflict
Hard to pill to swallow: You aren't a patriot unless you're a conservative (excluding military and police)
I went through treatment for Stage IV colorectal cancer when I was 32 and the kind of chemo I got didn't cause my hair to fall out. It did thin a bit, but honestly even I didn't notice any real difference. I have thick hair anyway. I definitely FELT the chemo, but it didn't have some of the classic effects because it's really advanced. Broad-spectrum chemotherapy definitely causes hair to fall out and that's necessary with certain cancers. With this one, they have really targeted chemos, one of which was just a pill I took twice a day and aside from feeling a bit tired, I wouldn't have known it wasn't a vitamin pill.
This is what happens when you politicize - and pill the teeth out of - enforcement mechanisms.
I completely agree, there are other options that have less of a smell than bud too but they're dangerous in illegal states because of the black market. I'm glad it helped your grandpa. I've only been prescribed pain killers once for 2 dry sockets following my wisdom teeth removal, I can admit I needed them, weed wouldn't have cut it for the amount of pain I was in, but I can also say if my mom hadn't kept ahold of them I would have easily taken too much. I'd wake up, in pain, take a pill, fall asleep, wake up, take a pill, fall asleep. I couldn't function while taking those all I could do was sleep. My doctors are so fast to try and prescribe them again for any minor pain I've been in, like last week I jammed my finger to the point where I couldn't bend it, they tried to give me pain killers for that. I told them I don't want them if I don't need them.
European drugs are reasonable and regulated. There is a price list of medications. I worked in the industry. A tablet is 30p or 50p each. 

America would charge patients $100 per pill
&gt;there’d have been a ‘pill’ for males long ago  

It's not about that. You know what the US loves more than pretending to care about "the unborn"? Money. And if some pharma company could come up with a "male pill" that easily, they would have done it long ago.  

As I recall, it's not so simple with men. Women, you give them progresterone and it makes them effectively infertile. You can't just give a dude a simple hormone that makes them infertile. Finding a drug that sterilizes/immobilizes sperm with side effects no worse than female hormonal birth control isn't easy. The company that figures it out will likely make as much from that as Pfizer does from Viagra
Here is a bitter pill to swallow. If the rules hadn’t been changed in the senate to majority vote and remained 2/3 majority. Most of Trumps appointment could have been blocked and made to pick actual professionals instead of cronies.
I wish we’d stop using the pro-life rhetoric. Pro-choice, anti-choice is more accurate.  If we seriously wanted to end unwanted pregnancies, there’d have been a ‘pill’ for males long ago. Females have a finite number of eggs and only ovulate a few days out of each month. 

Roe v. Wade isn’t about abortion. It’s about power and control.
Yes, I totally agree. But, a conclusion of a life struggling with theodicy being "that's how God wants it" is... dark. 

A younger cohen wrote "there is a crack in everything; that's how the light get's in". This final song, and the album as a whole, no longer seemed to reflect an awareness of this divine light. Cohen seemed to struggle during life with his relationship with God, and while I agree he found some peace at the end, that peace, at least as reflected in this song, is a hard pill to swallow. At least it is for me. But who knows, maybe I'm still too young and just lack the perspective. 

Thanks by the way for your post. I hadn't know the meaning of Hineni, and I'd always wondered. It's fitting, if difficult.
Even though I suffer from terrible pain on a daily basis I refuse to take painkillers. Growing up my mother was a pill popping junkie and it has me strongly opposed to them. My work doesn't allow medical Marijuana even though its legal in my state. But if this passes who knows! Maybe I will finally have a different option
Yeah it's my red pill moment.lol.

Wear a a mask. Stay healthy my friend.
Maybe a certain strain would help your migraines but I would definetly check out CBD options if you don’t want to get a high. You can vape it, use CBD lotions, take it in a pill form much like a vitamin, eat it in all sorts of infused foods, or take the direct CBD oil if that’s your thing! It has no psychedelic affects or body highs since it is the part of the marijuana that produces a calming affect when in the body, it’s safe and has countless uses
Nah. Big tobacco will get in on it, and pharma will *likely* base new drugs off of it and its components - but they know they can't lock it down completely like meds. You cant grow a pill tree in your closet, you know?
&gt; Edit: I can’t English.

It's Friday night, that's a good thing! 

I agree though, and that's more or less what I meant, nothing would surprise me...I think he'd let it come to a vote, as long as he knew it wouldn't pass...he'd put a poison pill in it and blame the democrats for not supporting it.
Glad you quoted this.

This whole post will probably be skipped over because it contains the word IRS.

Very large implications here and almost a poison pill for Biden if he gets in.

No company in their right mind would institute this but Trump can still claim he lowered payroll tax for the election.

So dishonest and corrupt.
Having to accept your entire worldview is bullshit is a hard pill to swallow.
I'm almost worried it might pass. Don't get me wrong, I've wanted it legalized for the past 40 years. But I don't think Trump really gives a shit either way. He's obviously more of a coke head/pill popper than a toker. Could he strong arm the senate to passing it so he could get reelected?
Sure I'd love it to be legal, but if he's reelected I'm gonna need something a hell of a lot stronger.
&gt;I'd love to see more technical schools open up and promote them over college for people who know what they want to do.

I fight this fight daily. I'm sort of an oddball: good high school student, better SAT scores, even better Cross-Country skills equaled admission to Brown on an aid package that didn't put my blue-collar parents into the poor house. Graduated in four years, but thought I was literally insane the whole time (rigor finally exposed my high-functioning ADHD that wasn't diagnosed until I was 49). Took my Ivy degree and decided to run into burning buildings for a living, retired after 20 years, and started teaching a high school based Career and Technical Education program in Fire Science and EMS. The amount of lip service paid to the career end of "college and career ready" is such a disservice to so many kids: there is still such a deeply embedded cultural conceit that if you don't go to college, you have somehow failed. That's a tough pill for some kids to swallow, and they end up willingly taking on debt working toward a degree they will never use and doesn't fulfill them. We need to change the discourse.
Stop saying period to end this lmao. We both know you wont stop talking anyways

And shes not there so for the moment they take you which is inconvenient but then you can call her, or youre lucky and they just take you identity and a quick drug test and then you get called to the station another time and then you can explain things. But for that reason youre not supposed to have loose pill boxes in your car anyways. So that one would be on yourself. But youre not going ti be punished for it.
I think you'd have better luck mandating that cops carry insurance. If they get licensed, or go through accredited training, they get premium breaks.

It also helps lighten the load on the civil penalty side that cities and municipalities end up facing, since qualified immunity doesn't extend to lawsuits.

I'd love to see qualified immunity taken off the table, too, but I'm not sure if Congress can bite that bullet, and the supreme Court recently declined to revisit it.

All in all, it's not a particularly bitter pill for the public to swallow, particularly since nearly every single professional in the country has *some kind of insurance police* already.
&gt;What’s truly amazing is his inability to realize WHY nobody likes him.  He sees other people who are respected.  But rather than try to emulate their traits and actions, he either tries to publicly tear them down, or rage tweets about how “if a Democrat did this then they’d love it”.  
&gt;  
&gt;He wants to be loved, but he isn’t willing to put any effort into making it happen, because it might mean admitting he is wrong about something, no matter how slight.

You can see why there's so much overlap between his most fervent supporter groups online and incel/red-pill communities. He's the ascended version of them; gifted enough wealth to just about buy some of the things they want, but not enough self-awareness to use those resources to invest in himself.
Honestly you sound like a real pill to talk to. 

Something tells me you're not being honest about your intentions and you (personally) are not worth my time, aside from poking at you with a stick. Which I'm glad I did! :D
This guy's voice is like a sleeping pill.
Man, that's a tough pill to swallow... that 40%-ish of the people in the US actually like Trump.

Also, this is why I moved out of the US.  Good fucking luck, you guys are screwed.
That can't be a complete list, none of those sound like boner pill manufacturers..
Biden should order one on trump too. He’s most likely gonna fail with the “stupid” drug. The man pops that pill daily.
Having both ranked choice voting and getting rid of the electoral college is the only way to get more than two parties really involved in US politics. It would take an amendment to do away with the electoral college which would likely be unsuccessful. The 91st Congress tried to get rid of it after Nixon won the presidential race with 301 electoral votes but only won the popular vote by little more than 500,000. That’s right Congress found it a difficult pill to swallow that someone who only barely won the popular vote was given a disproportionate amount of electoral votes. This is a far cry from the presidential wins of George W. Bush and Trump. I always wonder what the 91st Congress would say if they found out a president who lost the popular vote by about 3 million votes received even more electoral votes than Nixon. At this point the system is not just broken it is intentionally broken.
&gt;With the help of a mysterious pill that enables the user to access 100% of his brain abilities, a struggling writer becomes a financial wizard, but it also puts him in a new world with lots of dangers. 

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1219289/
Um no. It’s absolutely about racism, especially for the black basketball players who are seeing people that look like them, getting shot every other week on tv. 

If this were about anything else, we’d be hearing about it. I’m sure some Covid demands are sprinkled in, but if that were even the case, why not boycott the bubble to begin with? Why wait a month or so into the NBA bubble?

I’m not sure why some Redditors find it so uncomfortable to recognize it is, and can be solely about race relations. Lol, like why is that a hard pill to swallow?
Adderall is levo-amphetamine and dextro-amphetamine.

Desoxyn is methamphetamine in pill form.
 Fuck, I want the blue pill.
I thought from the picture he was talking dick size, until I saw the pill between his thumb and finger
Pill Cosby.
Hi `Ryan102050`, your post `CNN finally admits "protests" are riots — Don Lemon takes the red pill` has been removed because the Youtube channel is not on our [approved domains list](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist-youtube). To submit to our approved domains list, please view [this link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSekko8jFWopnWyJRN7-LKaYdTtwN5wvgIjZ9EEvjlSMPQyisw/viewform#responses), which will allow you to submit submit a URL for consideration. If this was in error, please message the moderators. **Note**: we will NOT be approving channels that do not adhere to our rules. **If you submit a rule breaking channel to our approved domains list form, we may match your form submission against your reddit submission and ban your account. If you are deemed to be a spammer, your account WILL be reported to the admins!** Channels that will absolutely not be considered include personal blogs, satirical or entertainment based channels, non-reputable / notable channels and blatant spam. Do not submit a channel for approval that has rule-breaking content. 


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, I’m just not so sure.  I think that people like the above have just swallowed the red pill.  They actually believe these terms they throw around - that if they lose this election the US will become fucking Venezuela overnight.  They haven’t put a lot of thought into it and just chomped down on the propaganda sammich.  I really hate the comparison to Nazi party rise to power but it is really fitting in this case.  But they haven’t put enough thought into it to actually understand what’s going on.
That's what I'm so afraid of. A few weeks ago, I overdid it on the wine and got super drunk and sick. I was crying to my partner that I don't want to be alive in a few months to see what happens. That concerned him. When I sobered up the next day, I had to come to grips with the fact that I'm more concerned than I had been allowing myself to admit. Not a fun pill to swallow.
We can get morning after pill in US pharmacies off the shelf for at least a decade now.  Abortion pills are another matter and require a clinic visit.  Not all clinics offer it.
Here in The Netherlands we can literally buy the morning after pill at the drug store for years. 

If ur looking for pill in a later stadium you can pick it up at ur pharmacy after you talked about it with your general practitioner.
They took the red pill and they want to [remember nothing](https://youtu.be/Z7BuQFUhsRM). Nothing!
His father - The Donald - IS AN ADDERALL ADDICT! So, most likely, they crushed-up an extra pill and had a huge snort together! Hey, that’s what fathers and sons do, ya know! Wait until the debates, when Trump will be so out of it that he’s going to claim that the lighting director is a deep state Democratic operative, out to get him!
I hate the shit head a bunch, but it is scary and a hard pill to swallow that he will most likely win again. Another sad 4 years. 🥺
Yep.  We've got Dr. Ronny, the car-crashing, reckless pill dispensing lush who will be joining Congress.  And don't forget Queen QAnon, Marjorie Taylor Green.  There's several other conspiracy theorists who may very well make their way to Congress for the first time as well.
Didn't Trump pay off one of his mistresses to have an abortion and get the RNC Finance guy to take the fall for it?

Didn't Jason Miller, key member of Trumps campaign staff, slip his mistress an abortion pill into her drink?

Can someone explain to me how these facts stack up
That’s some bad juju if people think you’re solely at fault for all this lost of life. I understand the hatred but you guys need to chill out with this. Trump didint force you to go get a haircut when things started to open up. Did he force you to protest when we were told to social distance? Where are those videos nowadays? Were people swarming to beaches because they hated trump or were they doing it because they don’t care. Why is this such a hard pill to swallow? Some people are selfish POS. Now you see everyone up in arms with covid cases rising yet fail to pitch in themselves. Shoot I’m bored to. I miss my friends and family but this is a sacrifice I’m willing to make. Look I’m not saying you should be a gremlin but you can’t tell me people weren’t risking it for things that aren’t life sustaining. Fuck your tan and your hormones. Shop bulk if you can. Go to work and go the fuck home. Wear your goddamn mask and stop being silly. That is all.
sigmund freud upon who's work was the basis of the modern version of  Pharmacology and mental health industry.

a pill for every ill and a pill to fix what that pill causes. he advocated the use of drugs for everything you can think of.
looks like Trump needs to pop another pill before he dozes off.
I thought Tiffany was the sleeping pill of the evening, but Melania has her beat hands down.
Guess the bloated pill junkie was wrong.  Again   He says he's clean, but without weekly testing, I don't believe it.
Tiffany Trump is the sleeping pill of the evening.
As others have said, health insurance in the U.S. is often a benefit offered by the employer.  But in addition to that, the ACA (Affordable Care Act aka Obamacare) set a minimum requirement of coverage for offered health insurance. This minimum requirement included coverage of contraception.  One of the contraceptives (the Plan B morning after pill) required to be covered is a pill that Christians claim "causes an abortion" because it causes the body to reject implantation of an egg, even if it's already been fertilized.  So it's technically possible that a fertilized egg could be rejected and passed with normal menstruation.
more bullcrap from Pill Popper Limblaugh

you can tell whenever he's lying -- his lips are moving
Follow the instructions as presented. Do not chew. 

If you have trouble swallowing, there are ways around that. Practice on smaller pills to build up your skills. Use pill swallowing gels. Find loperamide in a dosage form that works for you, which may be a smaller pill size. Or use the liquid dosage form, which is probably the easiest.  

Those are all options. If you have a personal pharmacist or doctor they're more suited to help you because they know your history, whereas I don't. 

Fun fact: pharmacists are the most easily accessible doctors around. You could theoretically call any pharmacy in the country that's open and ask this question or any question.
Do you really think they'll pass it? I'm skeptical.

I would lay good money on democrats having a 4-5 seat lead in the senate plus a comfy cushion in the house and come up with reasons why it can't pass. For example.

Bill passes the house. Bill is considered in the senate and some republican attaches an amendment that does something horrific to abortion rights or LGBTQ rights or something and it gets the support of enough democratic senators from conservative states that the amendment passes. Bill goes to conference between house and senate versions, and final bill goes down in flames because of the poison pill.

I've watched this stupid bullshit play out too many times to have any faith in democrats. I mean for fuck's sake they keep giving trump everything he wants without any strings attached.

Democrats seem to love getting played by Republicans while singing their hands and writing strongly worded letters and ripping up speeches, then turning around and doing the same shit anyway (making tax cuts permanent, patriot act, failures with ENDA, Hyde amendment, ACA, etc).

But I sincerely hope you are right and that they'll prove my cynical jaded ass wrong.
I couldn't match that level, but I did donate. Hoping for that sweet kit. 

I remember needing an abortion in rural TN back in 2010. There were so many barriers, both by the state and personally, that it was damned near impossible to get a simple medically-induced abortion. 48-hour waiting period between "consultation" and procedure, the nearest clinic being 2.5 hour drive one way, and 500$ which is a lot for a 19-year old. 

My daughter will turn 10 this year. 

Thankfully, people with unplanned pregnancies have a lot more options these days, including charities mailing the pill right to their door. That likely existed when I needed it, but I didn't even know to look  

Here's hoping the Temple comes through. The artificial barriers are ridiculous, and clearly rooted in Christian nonsense.
This would be a huge step in the right direction. They have very limited selection in their medical stores right now - not even allowing edibles. They do allow a pill, but that's the closest thing.
Quickening was the traditional point at which the unborn child was said to be with a soul. There wouldn't be any biological evidence and as for scriptural you would have to take it up with the Medieval Church.

I know about implantation rates. I was just curious that you used the word abort to describe the failure of the process. Most feminists would reject that terminology. It has implications on the Plan B pill, especially amongst modern Roman Catholics.

If quickening is the establishment of the soul as it was understood to be historically, then these discharged embryos may just serve His Purpose. Maybe they weren't to be. Either way, all children are under His Grace and therefore have Salvation.

God can only love those that love Him, for he hates Sin, but know this. He did send His Son to gather the Lost Sheep and the Angels cry and rejoice everytime one has been found.
The police just finished watching “power” and thought it was a documentary about how POC are undoubtedly getting ready to pop a power pill while they’re back is turned, with hands up.
No no no his eyes were watery AF, it looked like he was crying...definitely more than redbull, maybe washed a pill down with it
Pill popping animal Rush Limbaugh?
Most people don't have that because they choose a spendy path in life. My issue is that even someone that does not cannot achieve what they want under that system. 

As for America, I think many improvements can be made to the system that doesn't involve increasing tax rates. Military is excessively funded for example, can use maybe 10% of that money for other things. Can reduce all the foreign camping if needed. 

Regulating exploitation is another thing that could help. People get charged 2 digits of dollars for a single pill that would cost $1 per pill if you bought it from the store just because they can. If a person is financially responsible they should be able to afford at least basic healthcare without going broke. 

Regulating schools prices. They just ramped up their prices when government started offering loans. A price cap should have come with the loans. Now you have so many unnecessary things in colleges that most people don't even need or use. 

Regulate school curriculum so all these filler general education classes are not mandatory. That way people can graduate in 2-3 years instead of being milked for 4-5 years. 

Add a finances and life skills class in the last year of high school so people have a basic understanding of money, credit, loans and taxes and how to be smart about building their life. 

Make new tax brackets for the really high profits like millions and tens of millions. 

Incentivize companies to operate in America rather than in other countries so we get more tax revenue. 

Do something about the prison system where people get locked up for silly reasons(costs tax money to process them). 

Do something about the system where if someone went to jail for any reason, they can't build a life when they come out because they are banned from everything so they have to resort to crime and he processed again plus they don't get a job and get to contribute to taxes. 

Incentivize police departments to purge themselves of bad cops which cost the city lawsuit money every time they fuck up. Now it's "who cares let's cover each other and get pensions no matter what. The city can pay lolz. "

Each of these can have a significant impact on our society without gutting people with taxes. 

And what do you mean by FIRE'ing? Is that an acronym or something?
When you give medals to pill heads who can’t tell the truth......sad
Or it’s the caffeine. He seems like a caffeine addict. Maybe it’s to compliment his diet pill problem.
Being asked to make massive sacrifices by a government that never had any intention of following through must indeed be a tiresome pill to cram down one’s own gullet.
God sometimes I wonder how people get in these misinformation bubbles. Biden said he would support lockdown when SPECIFICALLY asked in the context that scientists were recommending it. 


Saying the virus death toll is marginally higher than a normal year is either grossly misinformed or borderline sociopathic. The death toll is approaching 200k. Excess deaths this year are even higher indicating either an undercount of virus deaths or increased morbidity from other sources.

&gt;en is the most pro-corporate candidate of all time.  He used to say no new taxes for people making over 250K and now he's raised that to 400K.  He cares more for the people earning 250-400K per year more than he cares about people like me.  

Absolutely, astounding, a politician actually running on he poison pill of raising taxes is somehow pro corporate? What do you think Trump's stance on the wealthy and corporate elite is?

I don't even know why I bothered responding to this as it is so remarkably intellectually dishonest I have to believe you are either a MAGA fan larping as a liberal or a literal campaign staffer. I wish I could say I had more faith in the critical thinking skills of my fellow countrymen but I've been proven wrong time and time again.
Like Bush was? They never get shit, just swallow a black pill and enjoy the ride
They are absolutely gaming it. They do this shit constantly, they can't stand not being on the front page naturally and want to try to red pill kids so they push it to the front page.  Then they'll spread tons of disinformation and propaganda, claim to be on the left while citing dailycaller or other alt right rags, blame all the violence on the left while ignoring things the right did (for example blaming the left for the violence done by the boogs), etc., all while acting as though BLM is evil. 

Fuck everything about that sub, and fuck reddit for continuing to allow the nonsense they allow.
The GOP took the poison pill under Reagan, fully embracing the notion that merely *saying* you're a great country actually makes it true.

In doing so, Republicans completely rejected the idea that the American people should sacrifice anything for the betterment of the nation itself, thus creating a perfect storm for their followers to become radicalized by rhetoric.
It's the reactionary version of "woke" and a reference to The Matrix, ironically. Take the Red Pill and wake up to the way the world is (at least the way they think the world is). Saying someone is "redpilled" is saying that someone agrees with their worldview.
Red pillers are clowns https://www.businessinsider.com/the-red-pill-reddit-2013-8
“I’m speaking to you today because I’ve seen people like this before. I’ve seen movements like this before. I’ve seen ideas like this before and I’m here to tell you, we cannot let them take over our country,” Álvarez asserted

“Those false promises — spread the wealth, defund the police, trust a socialist state more than your family and your community —  they don’t sound radical to my ears. They sound familiar,” he continued. “When Fidel Castro was asked if he was a communist, he said he was a Roman Catholic. He knew he had to hide the truth. But the country I was born in is gone, totally destroyed.”

“When I watch the news in Seattle and Chicago and Portland, when I see history being rewritten, when I hear the promises—I hear echoes of a former life I never wanted to hear again. I see shadows I thought I had outrun,” Álvarez continued. “I heard the promises of Fidel Castro. And I can never forget all those who grew up around me, who looked like me, who suffered and starved and died because they believed those empty promises. They swallowed the communist poison pill.”

**Head this wise mans words or we WILL BECOME Cuba/Venezuela.**
The Dems always were the racists though. Guess it must be a big pill to swallow for you. The “party switch”, along with Kent State, is one of the biggest examples of gaslighting in American history.
Did she take the red pill or blue one?
Why does he not mention the place he's the head of? Like a dick pill doc on late night tv.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/michellekaminsky/2019/08/31/federal-judge-rules-splinters-abortion-pill-story-concerning-jason-miller-was-fair-and-true/amp/
&gt; "women for Trump" 

&gt;a meth and pain pill addict

Uh, that makes sense perfectly. What does she think of Q-Anon? Im' gonna guess she's totally into that. A lot of fringe people are being swept up by right wing conspiracy theories.
&gt; who was previously a meth and pain pill addict

I have some guesses..
I think you might want a Monday morning chill pill. Yes, he was being sarcastic in a response to a sarcastic comment. It's not a big deal.
A girl I went to high school with, who was previously a meth and pain pill addict has 2 gay best friends she's constantly posting with. Today she started posting photos in a pink "women for Trump" mask. It makes no sense to me whatsoever.
*I took a pill in dbza*

*To show Son Goku I was cool*
&gt;  there is always a segment that will feel marginalized 

A segment? Marginal? I'm not talking about 5%, I'm talking about 99%.  An entire nation that has lost military ["Hearts and Minds"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winning_hearts_and_minds) to Russia. Zero resistance at all.  If you think Trump is acceptable in *any way*, you are normalized.  He is a poison pill for the nation, a very toxic one.
No doubt in my mind that he’s been given designer human growth hormone treatments. 
It’s all the rage with the moneyed class.  Why bother with proper nutrition and fitness when a (very expensive) pill works, right.
No way at all. They would lose RIDICULOUS amounts of money in pain relief and anxiety treatments. Sure they could have a cannabis pill, but they would have to compete with anyone who can grow a plant. And pain relief is one of the biggest money makers around.
Something like 97% of any random 5 year stock market period has positive returns. 

Your father locked in his losses by pulling out money. He would have been back to square one by August of 09. Instead he chose to use his retirement accounts as checking accounts, instead of having a proper emergency fund. 

Im sorry that happened to your father. Its a tough pill to swallow, regardless of the situation or its causes.
Take another crazy pill bud.
I, for one, am shocked that a bunch of greedy pill heads would steal money from people they will never meet knowing that they can do so without consequences. I'm even more shocked that another bunch of greedy pill heads would help them do it for a cut.
Lol we will do anything to make ourselves feel better about having to vote Biden just so we can kick trump out. It’s a pill I’ll swallow but this is just some absolute bull shit.
Back when I was on birth control, I could only get it with a prescription that had to be renewed every 6 months. The pill was only $9 per month, but the appointment to do the prescription renewal cost $400 and was basically me sitting down with the doctor for 10 minutes and saying “yeah, I want birth control again please.”

So that’s how the pill cost me almost $1,000 per year.
Thank you for more conditioning/reporting, if you believe this you have taken the black pill.
This is shades of the fight against abortion. Laws on background checks are restrictive so we can't have background checks. Laws on giving an abortifacient pill are restrictive so we can't have abortions. You don't need the valedictorian of Harvard medical school inside a level 5 trauma center to perform any kind of abortion. You also don't have to put a bunch of hoops in front of background checks. Walmart already does checks in half its stores. I sincerely doubt there are many areas hundreds of miles from a Walmart.
Go preach that to some republicans who need a gun on them to get bread at Walmart.   Go be a troll elsewhere.  Tired of people saying I am the one afraid when you are the one that allows their toxic masculinity to constitute their thoughts and outwardly portray a sense of manliness to forgo a mask rather than just admit it will do something to help.  

Whether you want to admit it or not thats what is going on.  So you need to sit down, swallow that pill, and reflect and helping those around you while they help you.
If it was Bloomberg I wouldn’t have voted. America could’ve burned for all I care; if that happened America truly has no soul. 

At least with Biden I can manage to swallow that pill.
Is anyone surprised by any of this anymore? What is happening to our world man fu k this time to take the black pill
A pill junkie says what?
Just popping in to say I used to do a pill delivery (The Pill Club) and they were awesome about being on time, plus they always send a snack and a sticker with my package. I have since switched to a more permanent BC but I recommend them if you’re on the pill and looking to change/start a mail-in service!
I mean even as someone who really hates trump and is progressive Joe is a hard pill to swallow. But at least it’s not actually Bloomberg
Nurx sent me mine six days late. They are hit or miss. They waited until I had one pill left to mail the new rx. I just had to go through all the side effects of starting anew due to their lackadaisical approach.
You took too much of the red pill...
Rush Limbaugh? That pill popping drug addict is still alive?
This will be my second time voting for president. And the first time voting republican after taking the red pill this year thanks to the riots waking me up.
I’m one of those angry people. I’ve had blood pressure medication mailed to me by pill pack every month for three years now… It always ships on the 11th, arrives between the 15th and the 20th… And plenty in time for the 26th when the roll runs out and the new month supply takes over. It’s fastidiously reliable and you can set your calendar by it.

For the month of July, my supply shipped on the 11th, and on the 25th had not yet arrived. Pillpack overnighted me a re-supply via UPS that arrived the next day, no problem… The original package finally arrived on August 5. It’s infuriating because, while I know I’m privileged enough to get my supplier to overnight me a replacement and no questions asked… Something that not everyone has the luxury of, it’s infuriating because it is the exact scenario the White House administration wants to happen. Critical shipments are delayed, customers are angry, and pill pack is moving away from the USPS over to UPS, shorting the USPS a much needed revenue stream. Case in point… My August shipment came UPS next Day, they didn’t even bother to try with USPS.
Sorry Charlotte. I think you can take the Day After pill after his visit.
Not Psychiatrists, but the non pill prescribing nurse level types? I keep seeing this angle posted. Give it up because billionaire you dummies
It was a rider on a must pass bill..... Blame the party that planted that poison pill on a completely unrelated bill.....
No blame the GOP for the poison pill they added to a bill in 2006 forcing the usps to fund pensions 75 years into the future.... They were not having funding issues prior to that
That would be an easier pill to swallow if we haven't seen the bipartisan, deliberate sabotage of the post office in order to justify it being sold to industry.

If we had perfect service and it was maintained despite the reduction in operational capacity, you would have a point.  We haven't so you don't.
I was a Yang and Bernie supporter this time through. I know I'll be voting in November, but this duo was a hard pill to swallow. I almost NEED one or both of them to guarantee me that is exactly what they'll do to guarantee my vote.

If they pull the 'he's gone, let's just move on' bullshit I'll never, ever vote party line just because he's our guy ever again.
Easy for the white privileged purists in their bubbles atop their ivory towers to have their hissy fits as they throw people of color, LGBT people, vulnerable populations under the bus because a Democrat candidate had the audacity to simply having opened a bank account with one of the big banks or once ingested a pharmaceutical pill, or accidentally made a wrong turn and drove onto Wall Street.
can't they just take the Biden pill like all of r/politics? lol
Thats a valid take and a lot of what i said was reffering to a different comment so i get the confusion. The problem being too far left is the left itself wont vote or will go 3rd party imo. Its a tough pill but i think they view it as the only way to get trump out. I agree about obamacare, they should have been firm but DINO dems kinda fucked them too. Cant be hard vs rebublicans if your side isnt unified. People say obama had a majority, but in 2010 there were tons of democracts that would happily go against the president and vice versa for rebublicans so its tough all around!
The hard pill to swallow has always been that it is never time for change. Trump is an horrible threat so much so that criticizing Biden and trying to pull him left has already gotten name calling already. Change is slow, I understand but in America it is slower. We were waiting on Slavery, waiting on Women’s suffrage, waiting on gay marriage, and still waiting for Medicare For All as the rest of the world surpasses us. There is sadly a lot to clean up here both pre and post Trump and I don’t feel it will ever be truly addressed. I guess that is the beat down of politicians promising again and again for change only for nothing to happen. I’m voting to be sure but I was hoping America had better and could offer more.
Take a chill pill and enjoy the show
I didn’t, thanks for the link! 

What is clear to me is that voting for Biden is a necessity, even if this might be a bitter pill for some to swallow. But having the egomaniac, Russian Traitor Trump in the WH goes against all and any values, the United States and it’s constitution and it’s history stand for. Trump and his backers, foremost Mc Connell in the Senate, have allowed to taint everything that is sacred and high. 

What do you think?
The fact is half the people voting for him are only doing it because they feel they have to stop Trump. Sorry. I know this is a tough pill to swallow. But the system is rigged. Biden is a stooge for the oligarchy. He is a known liar, he’s showing signs of dementia and he is only there to protect the oligarchs’ money. Not help you and me. I don’t care how bad Trump is. He will absolutely **NOT** be getting my vote. I’m tired of this. This is the first year I’ll be staying home since I was able to vote.
See, I hear \*you\* say that but I am not convinced trump is fucked until some of the Qanon-pill-swallowing members of his base go "ya know what? Maybe we ARE backing the wrong horse, here".

&amp;#x200B;

I mean, as much as I want to cheer and celebrate, Trump will not go quietly, nor will his cultish base.
If it means something to him and ppl all over the nation that are suffering, then let them have it. As an atheist, I get annoyed with atheists like you that can’t take a chill pill with others’ right to choose-and-refuse their conception of god.
Trump is about as exciting as a inflamed hemroid, all year long, this year.  He inspires nearly as much hope as a poison pill.
It's just a what if, jeez take a chill pill
To be fair, those penis pill ads and reverse mortgage scams probably chip in quite a bit of money too.
At some point dems will need to drop the ban guns crap, especially as we have a whole new group of gun owners that are also anti cop. I’m still unsure who I’m voting for, Biden will be a tough pill to swallow as he literally wants to strip out constitutional right to bear arms, especially so during a time of extreme unrest.
Did you say Pill Ho?
you can argue about the logistics, merits, and functionality of liberal gun control laws but I think everyone with a basis in reality can admit they are functionally trying to solve a uniquely American problem of gun violence in a developed country. Saying that as someone who views gun control as the ultimate poison pill for centrist Democrats.
It’s not even like your comment was particularly partisan towards either party. The truth hurts no matter what side you’re on and people should seek out objectively over whatever narrative they prefer, regardless of how big of a pill it is to swallow.
such a tasty tasty poison pill
Commented elsewhere but I suspect we won't know the outcome for weeks, due to USPS and other recount bullshit. 

That said I like the idea of a national strike where everyone stops working until we have a decision. All votes counted. Voter suppression tactics? Sit it all out and don't work until that makes it through the courts. Electoral college bullshit? Sit it out. Crash the economy so hard, until Republicans concede and force Trump out, swallowing the Biden pill as lesser of the evils.
Several. Very few actually in support of Trump, but roundly and easily debunking half the "bad" things about him.

On the Republican side of things.  2A - changes usually get shot down by a Democrat adding a poison pill to kill the bill

EPA has been streamlined without actually losing any of its power.  Education issued clear mandates on sexual assault on campus for the first time ever.

They aren't actually against UHC, just demand better numbers and a better plan.

They are actually working on taxes overall, even if the first round didn't go as expected 

Done fairly well at disentangling us from Syria and Afghanistan and letting people know the days of Americans as targets are over.

All of those points are arguable and have pros and cons.

But you don't see that discussed anymore.  All you see is hate.

Shit dude, I got downvoted for suggesting that if there was so much proof of his crimes, impeach him again.

People fell all over themselves to say why that was a bad idea.
Matt Gaetz would like to speak on behalf of the Red Pill Caucus.
Pelosi. Benghazi, HRC. Podesta emails. White rabbit, over the target. Following yet? Red pill, deep state, Q clearance. You're over the target.

/S
Jason Miller slipped his girlfriend an abortion pill and pro-lifers act like it never happened.
One of the saddest parts of the Trump Presidency is that he *could* have reformed our immigration system. Schumer offered him the deal to fund the wall in exchange.

But he killed it because shitstain fascist Stephen Miller demanded it be coupled with a poison pill of drastic legal immigration cuts.
who cares what Pill Popper Md thinks?
Yeah but if you're taking a pill to treat a sickness, you'd still rather it go down easy than say things like "poor people are just as smart as white people" all the way down your throat.
Calls for secession from the union from a coalition of highly organized and leveraged state entities? Consititional Convention could be re-convened. Honestly I feel this is inevitable or civil war but I don't like being a pill.
Saved you a click:

Yes indeed, it is Ronny “walking pill dispensor” Johnson
Didn’t Jesus say something about taking the red pill?
Yep. I'm friends with one of the guys who planned the protest in LA or Hollywood or where ever it was when they walked to the CNN building. All his posts are just hashtags and more cities planning protests. There's no call to actual action. Oh and also posts about how trafficking arrests are higher ever since 45 signed some executive order in 2018. 

*how's that red pill taste*

lord help me.
In this case, neither of those things would have helped, since everything the bill did was related to the post office and the poison pill was demanded by the president.

More generally, demanding bills only be about one thing can make it harder to compromise and work together, because you can't offer minor things to get other legislators on board.

Similarly, while a line item veto sounds like it could be useful, it gives an incredible ammount of power to the president and could allow them to completely change the effect of a bill. It is extremely open to abuse.
McCain is a hero. His party tried to shove Palin down our throats but couldn’t stomach it. Although, when I saw the number of supporters for stupidity, it became all too clear what the republicans have become: programmed. Trump was the pill they swallowed. Now the bigots have come out of the closet.
We have a pill for that.
It's also worth pointing out that the bill did a bunch of other things and the pension clause was a poison pill the Bush Administration demanded at the last minute, under threat of veto.
That all important pill thief endorsement.
“My favorite pill”.
“My favorite pill”.
“My favorite pill”.
“My favorite pill”.
reality is a tough pill to swallow
Take a chill pill.
A bitter pill might also be that we need to inspire younger generations of voters which we are struggling with and harking back to relics of a time that people already lived through, doesn’t give us much room to make space for those newer voices that are actually representing the voices of where those voters are moving.
I would rather swallow a bitter pill than the rotting meat currently in the White House
McConnell isn't letting that through. His pill numbers aren't bad enough to listen to the voters.
They were asking for help unplugging from their phone. I realized they were probably joking, but I recommended books in passing, in case they were serious. They helped me unplug from my phone. I don't know why this upsets you. If you don't want to recommend books or read them because that's not a magic un-stupid pill, you don't have to. I will tag you as "do not recommend books" to ensure it doesn't happen again on my watch.
My Pill, Oh!
I didn’t shit on reading books, but telling someone that reading books is automatically going to make them smarter is asinine. I know plenty of absolute morons who read on a regular basis. Yes books can help increase your vocabulary and world view if you actually have the capability to draw lessons from them, but they are not some magic un-stupid pill
Wait this depends on the assumption that Republicans will think ahead and do the rational thing politically. Your going to have GOP members who reject it no matter what, and now that it's watered down to the point of almost uselessness you might have other Republicans voting against it because they know it's a poison pill. Not to mention the Democrats that might reject it because it's watered down donkey piss. 

So the actual passage of this bill is no where assured. Republicans very well may blow themselves up over this yet. Then again there is almost an equal chance that this may blow back on Democrats. That's if the GOP does the politically wise thing and accept the bill.

If they really wanted to increase their chances they would pass a far more generous bill, and legalize weed while they are at it. I saw a figure that Ted Cruz made fun of that was like 2k a month including a few months post pandemic at that level. That would provide the level of relief actually needed. It would also give people time to adjust their standards of living in case this turns into a really long ugly brawl with this beast.

If I were them I would be doing everything I could to win back the people's approval while potentially distancing themselves from Trump since its pretty clear he's going to lose. I would be worried about down ballot concequences for unpopular policies. Right now people need help, and most people agree with that. Weed legalization has overwhelmingly strong bipartisan support, and a new weed industry might be a good thing given our current economic situation.

If I were trully cynical I would factor in the high effect in terms of politics. I would study people who are stoned in terms of influence. To be clear in my mind that would be completely unethical as in my mind that is an invasion of privacy on a fundamental level. Even if a person consented to be part of a study in terms of influence they couldn't give consent during the study if they were actually high. Just like if someone is drunk sex is off the table. 

Giving someone opinions about politics in this day and age is in a way an extremely intimate act. It opens one to retaliation for their views, and it also can be used to unethically manipulate them at a latter date. So please take care in terms of how you influence the world. It is an ever expanding paradox that inaction can be action, and we all must make decisions with extremely finite resources.
He also keeps referencing the fact that it passed safety tests in Phase 1 and 2 studies.  I mean, that's cool and all but so would a sugar pill...Phase 3 trials are where you actually learn if something if efficacious.
I get it their lawyers, and high ups, but as JD myself you want to be invited to these things cause you're good at your job or an excellence speaker. Their only skills that got them invited to the rnc were racism and the inability to hold a gun properly while trying not to make pill popper face. Good job America.
Fundamentalists will argue that DJT is the nausea-inducing pill one has to swallow to institutionalize Christian values in society (e.g., overturning Roe v Wade). That's the moral case they will make for Trump.
Remember when 2016 predicted Hillary to win? 

Truthfully, I have absolutely no idea what’s going to happen. The biggest problem with the Trump presidency in my opinion, based on what I hear from people, is that you have a bunch of people who say they hate him while in actuality they prefer him over Biden. The only reason they hide it is due to how divisive Trump is and how judgmental the leftist mob is. So truthfully, I have no idea if that’s the case but it makes sense the more I think about it. 

Ultimately, I just get tired of everyone acting like Trump is definitely going to lose. He may just win. And no, not because of whatever random excuse the democrats are going to come up with rather than examining their own issues. Up until COVID and the racial tensions after George Floyd, I was sure Trump would win honestly. Now I’m not so sure, though the chaotic anarchists in several cities are starting to make me think Trump may have a decent shot. It’s a hard pill to swallow and I truly hate how divided our nation became but I blame the entire machine, and I think this sub is delusional at this point to think anyone in office has your best interests at heart.
It's a hard pill for people to swallow because they're bright-eyed and bushy-tailed naive ideological "purists" who think you can change mass culture on a dime and don't understand that where we are now is a result of the slow, arduous process of the human race stupidly discovering itself for millennia.
Don't you love it? I am so much farther left than even the  farthest left candidates that are in government in my state. I feel like people who live in other parts of the country where Democrats easily get elected have not an iota of a clue how truly unsuccessful a hard progressive candidate would be on the ballot in the elections here. I am always ecstatic and shocked  when even the most conservative  Democrast win an election in my state anywhere on the ticket.

A Biden presidency is the only chance places like this have at moving farther left because then we can hold his feet to the fire every single day to fight for more progressive policies and keep pushing him to where we would like him to be. I understand that is a hard pill to swallow for a lot of people but a persons geography does a lot to person's  perspective on these things.
Kill the 30 year old poison pill republicans gave it?

I mean come on.  We know what has historically and recently gone on here.
12 points is great but with a margin of error of +/- 3.5 for _each_ candidate's pill numbers, that means the gap may be as low as 5 points. I think people are just worried that accounting for the worst possible numbers, this gap won't be enough to make up for all of the mail in ballots that won't be counted because they'll be postmarked late.

Edit: [How Margin of error works for polls](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/09/08/understanding-the-margin-of-error-in-election-polls/%3famp=1) and why the worst case gap in this scenario is 12-3.5*2 = 7 and not just 12-3.5
When the roles were reversed (GOP held Congress and Dems the Senate) the Republicans constantly sent up poison-pill bills aimed solely at trying to force the Dems to destroy part of this country if they wanted anything. How many times did they vote to repeal ObamaCare? There are reasons why the majority in the Senate get to chose what to vote on, but like everything else, McConnell has taken it to an extreme. The Senate is only in place to ensure GOP hard-liners are put into judicial positions and that our country is less-safe and less free through the slow removal of our rights granted to We the People in the Constitution.
&gt; It will most likely take a decade 

Not really.  One needs some perspective such as the US is arguing that our home grown drug cartel that put heroin in pill form cost the nation $2,150,000,000,000.  


https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-08-17/purdue-caused-2-15-trillion-in-u-s-economic-damage-states-say
Is Jason "slipped his girlfriend an abortion pill" Miller still on the CNN roster for Trump coverage?
Okay I know the title and the thumbnail invoke "The Red Pill" and other things that the alt-right co-opted.

It's actually about the huge number of really important things that about 80% of Americans agree on, yet there are certain actors who profit off of division.
"Black democrats" are a pretty narrow slice of both black americans and the general electorate from what i've seen and they are the same people who propped up Biden in the primary. They are party loyalist boomers who were all-in for Biden no matter who he picked but were hyper concentrated in certain states like SC. Young blacks and young POC in general are the ones most loudly calling her "Copmala" etc.

&gt;she has arguably a more progressive voting record than Bernie

I think you are taking stats off that ridiculous tracking site. I know what you are talking about but the site i'm thinking of is so bad. It sort of arbitrarily decides which bills are the most progressive then checks who voted on it. It doesn't take into account that the most progressive people will often vote specifically against bills because of some poison pill amendment and then the bill gets heavily weighted in the calculation. Harris will also gladly vote for something that has no chance of passing specifically for that reason.

It's the same way Susan Collins (R - Maine) gets tons of undeserved praise as being "moderate" etc because they let her vote against the party whenever they have enough votes to pass something. As soon as they come to a close vote though she is just right in lockstep with whatever McConnel wants.

I think Harris is a terrible politician but she certainly wasn't the worst person. The fact that she at the very least puts up a facade of being progressive is better than the way Biden just yells at you if you slightly disagree with him. I'm just glad they didn't pick a neocon like Tammy Duckworth.
I mean, I understand the sentiment, but my point is, these drugs are expensive, and not everyone has the $280 to spend. There are heart medications that are upwards of $500/ month for just one pill. It's not that I would chose to let my son die, but what if I actually couldn't afford to go buy it locally?
Edit: spelling
No and I never said that was the point, but if I can take precautions with something that isn’t life threatening to not be at the mercy of the system in my life, then you can bet if I had a pill that I will literally die if I don’t take it then I would be taking every step to have things in place so I’m not at the mercy of the post office
That's disingenuous.  The argument is look how bad democrat-lead cities are.  Chicago, Portland, Seattle, NYC, Washington DC, anywhere in California, etc.  Look how bad they are.  See how they burn?  See how they block roads?  See how they loot?  Is that the country you want?  Trump offers these democrat loser mayors national guard assistance and the dem leaders simultaneously refuse and pull back their police even more.  They *love* the chaos, they love the *hatred*, they love the *violence*.  If you love chaos, hatred and violence, vote for Biden.  If you want shit back to normal, time to dump every single one of these democrat leaders who are knowingly fucking up good cities and forcing their citizens to swallow the red pill as they buy guns to defend themselves from wild animals and finally see through the bullshit.
I meant Kamala Harris was at 1%. She was.
And yes, you're right on the polling, but here's the thing, are you honestly going to tell me she was a better pick than Yang? I just can't swallow that pill.
&gt;natural, logical, and normal line of thinking

Bill Clinton messed up his relationship with the military on Day 1 with DADT, and then never really normalized his relations with the military. Then he started a [drawdown](https://www.govexec.com/magazine/1993/05/the-drawdown-deepens/7447/) that reverberated in the military for the next 15 years... 

Obama used the military extensively (because his predecessor got us involved with multiple wars) and then started a [drawdown that culled 20% of its junior officers that might stay in and make it a career](https://www.armytimes.com/news/your-army/2016/02/11/20-percent-of-screened-army-captains-booted-by-retention-board/). 

Is it right to make the assumption 'Democrat in White House' = 'drawdown in future'? No not really. 

But the military budget always grew under republican governence, so from a military person's POV there is a good reason to have skepticism towards this move.

----

Granted the current president's conduct makes voting R this time around a hazard of a different flavor and magnitude, but its still going to be a bitter pill to swallow if voting him out also fires you from you from a career that you've devoted your life to.
&gt; The US House of Representatives went home a week before the US Senate because the Democrats refused to negotiate.

Mitch would not negotiate including a provision preventing employees from suing their employers for failing to provide safe working conditions. This is a poison pill and fucks the American working class.
Make America great again by taking this suicide pill and join Trump on an asteroid to the sun.
On a more practical side, I re-order my meds (by mail) so that I have at least 10 days before i need them. In addition, I have a pill case set for seven days, so I could have an even greater backlog, depending.

The other comments here are also true.
Fentanyl is a synthetic opiod that is 50-100x as powerful as heroin.

It's easier to acquire in the united states than heroin due to the tiny amount of the substance that needs to get through customs.

Most is produced in Chinese labs and is then shipped into the states. It is used as a cutting agent in shitty heroin (sometimes it's only fent and the rest is just cut)

This is causing many many deaths on the streets all over the world.

Heroin usage is at an all time high. Couple this with the fact that fent cut drugs generally aren't mixed very well.

Consider that most people creating this mixture are basically throwing a tiny amount of fent into a bunch of cutting agent and then mixed with a food processor, you can see how this turns out poorly.

You need to trust that the math was done right and that there are no "hot spots" where the concentration of fent is higher than expected.

The amount of overdoses due to fent are insane. It's such an issue that even darknet markets have started banning fent and heroin cut with fent off their sites.

It is a drug of death, it is disgusting.

[This is what I use as a visual aid to show why fent is so dangerous](https://www.statnews.com/2016/09/29/why-fentanyl-is-deadlier-than-heroin/)

This is the reality of the situation. 

This is what is killing people on the streets.

Safe drug use, free clean drugs for addicts. This will end the drug trade and deaths small scale and large. We already know that people will find their drugs and pay what they have to. It's time to step up and help.

More recently in my life, I just lost my little brother to a fentanyl overdose. A single pressed pill. A fake pill that looked like a 5mg oxycodone killed him.

Opiates are dangerous. They should not be taken recreationally. The situation was different 10-15 years ago when doctors were overprescribing but now almost every single painkiller you buy off the street is a fake pressed pill.

Even my little brother who was very much aware of the problem still took the risk. He unfortunately had a hotspot in the pill he took.
"The Owl flys at night. I repeat, The Owl flys at night. Check the tall grass for your blue pill."
He's so desperate for a magic pill to fix everything as it'll be his only way out of this mess.
Meanwhile...

???

Nothing? Just let people die, let families be evicted, and let o ur health care systems be overwhelmed?

Diet and exercise? Nah

Magic weight loss pill? Hell yeah!
I keep thinking about what Christmas will be like without a properly functioning post office. Trump isn’t just stealing the election he’s stealing Christmas too. That’s going to be a hard pill to swallow for many in his base.
Grover Norquest created a no-tax party pledge and from that point on the whole party has devolved into a 180 parody of itself. Norquest Pledge was a poison pill to America.
How the hell can they cut it, I thought they prefunded pensions up to seventy years. What the duck was that poison pill of a funding bill for if not to prevent stuff like that.
It's not just me saying it, it's the KKK saying it, it's wannabe Nazi's saying it, it's the incels in the red pill saying it. Have you asked what it is about the Republican party that makes them flock to it and feel welcomed? We've tried holding discussions with your side 10 years ago  and since then you've gone down the Qnon rabbit hole, said it's OK for a President to collude with a foreign power to sway an election, are actively sabotaging the post office to do so, you know where tired of all the fucking times we've shown you the science about everything to have you deny it. If you're 500 pixels to the right you would have abandoned the Republican party years ago as it went insane. There is no rational discussions with irrational Qnon supporters there is no middle ground with fascists
I genuinely feel your pain.  You're tired of the same old shit.  I want to see radical change in this country too.

This is truly the time to put alliance ahead of self.  Trump is a  threat to the constitution.  Another 4 years of him literally may mean there won't be another chance for a progressive for a very long time.

You have goals, now you need a plan, a goal without a plan is a wish.  Step 0 to any plan right now is the removal of Donald Trump and his enablers from office.  Unless you support Trump, that can be your only choice this time.  Every lever is being pulled to tilt the scales, in return the rejection must be resounding and overwhelming.

It fucking sucks, it's a tough pill to swallow.  I hate voting for "not them", I want to vote on policy.  I want to vote on leadership, not who's less corrupt.  I want my specific voice heard over the multitudes.  Right now, we need to join the chorus.
The true hard pill to swallow lol
Exactly. I know for those who don’t personally align themselves with Biden’s ideology might have a hard pill to swallow, but for America to heal we need baby steps.

Getting Trump out of office and preferably into a padded room is that first baby step of many, many more over the next several years. Not only that, but the alternative here is irrevocable damage, so...
Dude take a chill pill. I was just stating an opinion.
Yeah, how the DNC propped up Bloomberg and Buttigieg was atrocious. Blatantly obvious they wanted to stop Bernie at all costs from getting the nomination. That makes it a very hard pill to swallow that I have to vote Biden-Harris. 

I don't think the DNC wants M4A, at all, what so ever. That is the kiss of death to those who lobby in their favor.
I mean these aren’t random people. I know them. Some of them for years. There are a handful of full blown qcumbers. The rest are people who really don’t know any better and have come across the rhetoric. I’d like to think I could help stop some of them from actually thinking there’s a red pill/blue pill choice.
The thing is, Democrats dont and should never accept that making progress requires falling in line and shutting up.

The problem with that is that we dont have a mature political discourse in the US. Any form of criticism is considered active dissent and people are swayed by the fact that Democrats always seem to have opposition from within while Republicans are willing to keep their mouths shut for the optics so they seem strong and unified.

The GOP just knows they have to win elections at any cost, period, while in this instance progressives are concerned that the vulnerable communities they are trying to support will get betrayed like they always do, and suffer, like they always do. The fact that they will suffer more under 4 years of Trump is a tool for the DNC-aligned Democrat centrists to ignore the plights of people they have always been willing to ignore already.

You could say that the need to ignore them some more is a "tough pill to swallow", but on the topic of perspective, that's the **only** pill that those communities have **ever** swallowed, and being sick of trash like that is why BLM has really taken off in the past few months.

I know Bernie is aware of his role in this as a politician so he wants to pull the vote together, but I really cant fault his former staff for speaking up.
Bloomberg has his followers and if giving him a spot at the convention means bringing those followers and their votes over to defeat Trump and the GOP, then fucking do it.

Do you and everyone else shitting on the idea of having him/Kasich speak really not remember that despite millions of votes for Hillary over Trump, 2016 all boiled down to less than 80,000 well-placed votes in three swing states that put the USA where it is today?

So if The Democrats want to invite Bloomberg, Kasich, or James Comey, or anyone else they think will bring in the votes to defeat the massive effort Trump and the GOP are making to steal this election, then you smile, shut up, and you swallow that bitter pill.

The war is BIGGER than this insignificant battle.
I agree, and I would add that Biden and Harris are not “lesser evils” - they are experienced public servants offering an *undeniably progressive* platform.

I am a lifelong activist, but of course I would have voted for Biden even if his platform had been completely mediocre, because removing Trump is paramount. Happily, the Biden platform embraces the Green New Deal, ending Citizens United, passing voting rights and civil rights bills, offering free college, and offering a public Medicaid option. Rather than a bitter pill, we are being offered an excellent opportunity for true progress, *in addition* to removing Trump. It’s a no-brainer.

And Harris, for all the smearing against her, is a progressive champion. She has been at the head of some of our most important battles, she has a Senate record equal to Bernie’s, and she is a powerful voice for justice. The “controversies” of her past careers are misleading and overblown - and unfortunately these attacks are often being done by supposed “Leftists” even more than the Right. This is just a feature of the digital environment. It’s easier (and more satisfying) to believe reductive smears than it is to look into the complexity of any given situation. And it’s more fun to be against everything than it is to be a “mainstream sheep” and actually believe that government can do good.

The online environment has shown itself to be very fertile ground for this kind of shallow psychology, ideological zealotry, and mindless tribalism. The worst voices become the loudest, every topic is reduced to a slogan, and critical thinking goes out the window.

America needs to do better. We need to show the world that we can overcome all of this gas-lighting and and ignorance and divisive interference. We also need to show that democracy matters, and that it’s worth fighting for.
This is the guy who had unprotected sex with a woman and then poisoned her by slipping her an abortive drug that almost killed her. [True story ](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/jason-miller-abortion-pill-smoothie-trump-aide-aj-delgado-a8552321.html)
And the little blue pill to make his mushroom grow.
The Supreme Court is the big one and why a lot of conservatives were and are willing to swallow the Trump poison pill.
We have to remember that we exist in a vacuum online. America isn’t as progressive as Twitter or Reddit. 

I honestly (and I hate to say this) think Biden would be a pretty good nomination if he wasn’t in cognitive decline. Yes, even with his history as a segregationist and even with Tara Reade’s allegations (although, I don’t think they’re true). If 2016 taught me anything, it’s that America is not at the point where history of racism and misogyny will be a deal breaker. Half of America elected Trump after all; who had dozens of sexual misconduct allegations as well as a lawsuit from the Nixon admin on housing discrimination. Not to mention his hateful rhetoric.

As for Harris, her history as AG and DA is quite exaggerated and some of it are just downright lies, but she’s the perfect running mate to reach that majority demographic imo. Trump is going for that “law and order” platform, so, what better than to choose one of the toughest prosecutors as your VP? The main criticism she gets from the left is that she was *too* tough on crime. Trump won’t be able to dispute that other than calling her “nasty” or “mean.” And even that QAnon base can’t combat her record because she got her starts as a prosecutor for sex traffickers and domestic abusers.

Most of my family voted for Biden, a few voted for Warren, and none voted for Bernie. It’s a hard pill to swallow, but I don’t think America is quite ready for progressive politics which is why I think voting down ballot Dems as well as voting for the “moderate” Dems is a good strategy for this year.
Yeah this Fatscist needs to fuck off. Freeing Snowden is not his fucking issue and now hes gonna poison pill the idea. 

Ffs this is bullshit.
I'm not giving the Dems a pass, I'm being realistic about what party has legislative control right now and so are they. With Mitch McConnell in the Senate and Trump as POTUS nothing the GOP doesn't want has any chance of being enacted.

If they actually wanted to do anything more than play realpolitik they could push for a separate bill. Trump and his team could introduce some form of 'save the USPS' bill and come up with a clever acronym/title for it and it'd be great publicity. But politically Dems stand to gain more from widespread mail-in voting than the GOP does, so realpolitik dictates its better for the GOP to do nothing on this front but create some fodder (Trump's statement) their base can use to blame it on the Dems.

As for COVID, I ask myself why the GOP shoved trillions into the first bill for what amounts to more corporate welfare rather than prioritizing 'trickle-up' stimulus. More stock buy-backs to keep the stock market inflated, could have literally doubled the Trump-bucks check instead.

For the GOP relief bill, it has a blatant poison-pill non-starter in its liability shield for employers. The 'gross negligence' that's not covered doesn't mean what a common person would consider negligent and as a legal term is such a high bar it'd only be useful in cases where an employer had their employee sniffing a confirmed-COVID-customer's breath. This kind of bad-faith policymaking has been Mitch's bread and butter since Obama and its only purpose is to provide what-about-ism fuel.
The post office has a funding problem because the republicans pushed a poison pill in a bill forcing the post office to pre-cover years of retirement.  His minion post master General is trying to blow it up further, and 30ish billions dollars is barely a drop in the bucket on the debt.  That the Orange fucker blew up during a good economy like an idiot.  Why don’t you care about the trillions he added to the debt if your tax dollars are such a concern?
Propaganda in pill form?

Absolutely diabolical...
We're told this all the time, that we gotta compromise to get things through Congress.

I'm on the side that perhaps the Dems need to take out the USPS+VoteByMail stuff and vote on that as a separate bill. I believe Trump said he wont sign a COVID Relief bill that includes Post Office relief, so how about the Dems call his bluff !

I usually side with the dems, but I'm getting vibes the leadership doesn't actually care if ppl cant get  access to the expanded COVID benefits. A 'No Bill' scenario makes Trump  and the Republicans look bad which bolsters the Dems chances of retaking  the POTUS and Senate.

Come on Dems. Split off the Post Office stuff and make that its own bill that you  can then focus the public's attention and more effectively run on. Stop the Poison Pill BS
In a year of naive headlines this one takes the fucking cake. Do these people realize that NO ONE really likes Kamala? 

Black people in Cali don't like her because she was top cop. Black people outside Cali are kind of 50/50 on her because of that.

Indian people don't like her because she's not full blooded if they're conservative and because she's Brahmin if they're progressive (literally just had a 1 hour conversation with my Indian roommate about her and he can't even vote).

For women it's just as complicated--for centrists she's an easy pick, for progressive women she's a hard pill to swallow.

I'm optimistic but the idea that Kamala is a choice we aren't mostly shoving down our throats is way too fucking Pollyanna.

In any other time Kamala would be a MESS of a choice. But we aren't in those times.

Vote Biden.
I'm pointing it out because you seem exceedingly pushy at the other person for choosing to vote for Joe as the most practical version of "Not Trump", and your substantiated insistence that Joe Biden is the only valid solution that is "Not Trump". It seems extremely tribalistic, and may alienate other voters who choose Biden as a practical "Not Trump". It also seem like you are trying to reduce another person's choice from practical "Not Trump" to "Biden". People may like having their choices and feeling like they have control over that choice. Please do not strip the sugarcoat of "Not Trump" for people who find the pill of just "Biden" bitter. I'd prefer to maximize the chances of having Biden in office by next Janurary

And yes, your vote should depend whether you feel like a particular candidate "earned it". Choosing to ignore the warnings against political parties from members of the founding fathers, make political parties, and giving our vote to whoever headed the two biggest parties instead of candidates who earn it through their campaigns and platforms through the decades is what got us into this mess of voting the lesser of two evils every 4 years. The idea of the vote was that we voted for the candidate that earned it the most as they were not only the best qualified because their platform would do the most good, and that would improve the nation in the way which the people felt was best. We all just choose to ignore the fact that your vote should go to candidates and platforms that earned it the most for the purpose of practicality driven by the first past the post system we have. 

Also, my vote for biden is actually because he's at least making steps in attempting to unite the party and the people in taking down trump, and seems to be listening to other experts and willing to trying out various policies even if the policy doesn't really agree with him. The insane orange disposal is just a bonus
You have to reconcile with PRAGMATIC idealism. Saying the Dems shouldn’t swallow the bitter pill of Kasich to get moderate support is like saying that a candidate who opposes finance reform should never take a cent of it... sure there’s an idealistic point there but we need to sprinkle in some pragmatism to actually get it done. 

One of Trump’s largest campaign gaffs, imo, seems to be his overestimation that it was his pure base and not the combination of his base, the totality of the Republican Party, and the moderate independents swept up by ‘MAGA’ and ‘DtS’ messaging. Biden is specifically on the ticket because he appeals directly to those moderate independents and even Conservatives who maybe don’t even see themselves as moderate but have been made extremely moderate by refusing to become a ‘Trump Republican’ which is the exact thing Kasich is. 

Let’s also just mention that if Biden holds Hillary’s states, he only needs to flip a few swing states. Michigan I think has a good chance of going Biden as does PA right now. That gets you basically to 263+, putting you basically one state away. One of those states that can put you over the top is Ohio, and Kasich will help with PA moderates too. If this was a popular map Biden would basically have it locked up— Hillary locked the popular map by 2.1%. But it’s an electoral map and we need to win.
i will probably just break into their house and steal there diabetes and pain pill meds, maybe bust up their tv's and piss on their couches
It’s not just boomers. A lot of Gen X is starting a rightward slide. If you’ve heard Joe Rogan recently he’s almost swallowed the Q anon pill. But he’s just my litmus test on where Gen X is politically.
It's because they want a simple solution. You take this pill and everything is fine again. They don't understand that sometimes we have to try things when we don't have much data, and we need to change our strategy when we receive more data.
There are many people I see on the net who were Bernie or Bust. They keep on saying that they will vote 3rd party to keep their conscience clean. What you don't understand is US has a two party system. Either Trump or Biden wins. Your irate voting can actually help Trump who's base isn't going anywhere. There are 40% of the voting he has sealed and are ride or die. The rest 60% need to meld into one for this Trumpian nightmare to end. It also needs to be a decisive victory par none otherwise it again devolves into a mess which can help Trump. Your and your children's and their children's future depend on this. Think of Biden as a bitter pill that is a strong painkiller. Swallow it and prepare for 2024. The world is in no shape for world war 3 and if Trump is re-elected, that is what we have on our hands. His ego won't rest until he sets the world on fire. Be adult about this and make adult choice. Sometimes you have to do distasteful things to get a chance of doing what you love.
There is tons of evidence to the contrary though.  Example: the coup of Chile in 1973.  When the US installed Pinochet as dictator after routing Allende, the democratically elected socialist president, he set Chile up to be extracted by private foreign interests.  Chile experienced the worst recession they'd ever seen, and tens of thousands of people were killed.  Once Pinochet was removed, they immediately went back to socialism and recovered rather quickly, but now there's a contingent of Chileans who remember getting rich at the expense of the livelihood of the rest of their countrymen, and it's a constant battle still being fought today.

I learned this from some folks from Chile I worked with for a time.  I almost got punched for bringing up Pinochet, even though it was purely inquisitive. Apparently that's like casually mentioning Hitler in Germany.

Basically, Chicago school economics is a poison pill for any country.  It's sole purpose is to extract resources and give it to the wealthiest people.  The fact that hat it has failed in 100% of cases does not deter them, not do successful socialist countries like Cuba deter them from insisting that socialism only ends in failure.  The CIA is what leads socialism to failure.
Take the red pill.
To each their own, people should just mind thier own business and stop shitting on people for their opinions. If its LGBT , Pro-Life, BLM, or whatever. Its all about people being able to express themselves.

Then we still shit on people when we dont like their opinions. People should just take a step back and take a look at themselves because they are doing the exact same shit. I know its a hard pill to swallow.

Do i agree with it? No. But there are a ton of things i don't agree with. Welcome to LIFE

Downvoting me is just proving my point. So thank you.
I'm so so sorry. That sounds really painful. I have a nephew who ran for a white supremacist party in our last election. Our family is half first nations. It is a fucking bitter pill, I know.
&gt; yes because the gop poison pill is so much less poison?

irrelevant. there is still negotiating to be done, and the house went home for the summer just like the senate did

democrats won't accept a **clean** bill exclusively containing the provisions both sides agree on, otherwise we'd have something right now.
yes because the gop poison pill is so much less poison?
&gt;Didn't the house adjourn earlier? Need both Chambers to do anything

some people are pretending the poison pill loaded bill that the house passed is in any way relevant and means democrats don't have to negotiate.
Between a cyanide pill and an aspirin, I know which one I'd rather swallow.

Hell, between a cyanide pill and a placebo, for that matter.

Wake up, indeed.
Red pill or blue pill you still swallowing a pill. Wake up.
Kind of. What I’m describing is more that the disinformation and propaganda is exploiting the same weaknesses in human psychology, that religion always has.

Support of authoritarianism is not unique to religion. The reason the religious are more susceptible is because they’ve already internalized logical fallacies and suppressed critical thought to maintain belief in their religion. They’ve already “given in” to a higher power/authority; they were already partially brainwashed to begin with, to varying degrees (evangelicals way more than others). That’s why religion preys on the underdeveloped and uneducated (e.g. children). It’s much easier to program than re-program.

I don’t genuinely believe that the non-sociopaths know or believe that they are supporting evil, or justifying evil just to “win”. The sociopaths obviously don’t care (or enjoy the evil), but everyone else is buying, or building their own, logical fallacies to justify their ongoing support. That’s why Russia, North Korea, etc continue having sham elections; the illusion of legitimacy ([bandwagon fallacy](https://examples.yourdictionary.com/bandwagon-fallacy-examples.html)) makes the pill easier to swallow.
People like him usually and actually do fully believe their own bullshit. I learnt this one day after tearing down a neighbours door after her lies led to our home being invaded by thugs. She REALLY BELIEVED HERSELF! It was a hard pill to swallow and how do you fight that kind of crazy?
That may be a hard pill for some. The most common complaint I heard is that "I worked through the legal process to immigrate, why should those who break the law gets a pass?"
You dont even have to put a cyanide pill in any of the bottles, just suggest there is one COULD be there somewhere. This is essentially how conspiracy theories work.
The Dems decided to stop listening to McConnell's "we need to get aid out fast and we can deal with X in a subsequent stimulus bill" bullshit like they should've done from the beginning. No middle of the road Americans disagree with the majority of the "poison pills" in the stimulus package and with control of the Senate AND presidency with zero actual plan to help anyone, the Democrats are relatively certain that this will eventually stick to the GOP where it belongs. McConnell and the GOP need to pass something WAY worse than the Democrats do and they know it. And the people who will fall for all this bullshit "we tried everything we could but the obstructionist, do-nothing Democrats just wouldn't let us!" schtick weren't voting Blue anyways so it doesn't really matter.

P.S. Keep in mind that this all or nothing politics is basically McConnell's baby single handedly ruining the Senate as an institution. Can't work together if everything you don't like is a "poison pill" that makes it a non starter and anything placed in a single issue bill will just rot on McConnell's desk, making sure no one has to take accountability for a "No" vote on a popular proposal. McConnell created the rules, now he needs to play by them.
VA is so fucked with medication by mail as it is. My grandpa was a very high ranking air force officer during the cold war. He has serious nerve damage from a surgery that went very wrong to correct an issue that was a direct result of his military career

The VA was skimming oxycodone off of his prescriptions. E.g. count would say 60 but only be 55 or something. This medication was the only thing that kept him out of constant pain. 

It came by mail every month. One month they didn’t even send him his medicine and the VA tried to claim he was some kind of pill fiend.

Eventually he just quit his medication cold turkey and now he pretty much just white knuckles it day to day.
As a non-US person, having watched the news on US mass shootings, I always got the idea that those were a hard pill to swallow - but it had to be swallowed, as the guns were needed in case a tyrannical government would try to get rid of democracy.  

I'm kind of baffled by what's happening now.  
Wasn't this what they always claimed they needed those guns for?
No other business has been required by a republican poison pill to pre-fund decades and decades worth of pensions.
Actually it's not better than nothing, parts of the bill seem to be designed to make things worse. Particularly the cuts to medicaid, Need I repeat myself, during a fucking pandemic.

The poison pill makes the entire thing unworkable.
Actually the low ball was [never passed by the Senate](https://thehill.com/homenews/senate/510094-mcconnell-15-20-gop-senators-will-not-vote-for-any-coronavirus-deal).

The Republican bill also [cuts all sorts of programs](https://www.salon.com/2020/07/25/gops-next-covid-19-relief-package-will-fast-track-social-security-and-medicare-cuts_partner/) that people depend on, especially in a pandemic.


So a low ball, that not even Republicans support, that contains a poison pill.
Wow! Just look at that *high school response*. A teenager completely oblivious to the fact that he's not smarter than everyone around him. Most 1st world countries live far better lives than 90% of Americans. Tough pill to swallow, but I'm sure you can handle it.
Perhaps you mighht want to upgrade from too radical for most Republicans to every last one treats her as an comedic pinata. I can't think of a single Republican friend, news anchor, talk show host, or politician that would seriously endorse the congresswoman.     
Tulsi Gabbard is extremely popular among Republicans who's most important issue is abortion. She's pro-choice not pro-abortion. She has served and is for bringing the troops home. That scores big with recent red pill converts.     
     
Time to step off the hope and maybe train though. There hasn't been a house representative elected as president since the early 1800s. Senators, Governors, Generals, and now Billionaires are the pool from which presidents come from.
It’s called the poison pill strategy
i was watching the presser yesterday, and in what seemed like a pill-ridden fever dream, he repeated the same story of "the far left put usps funding in the bill, 3.5 billion, so we're not passing it. they can't do mail-in voting without the funding right?" about 4 times in a row.

&amp;#x200B;

edit: 25 billion. CLIP: [https://www.pbs.org/newshour/health/watch-live-trump-holds-white-house-news-conference-3](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/health/watch-live-trump-holds-white-house-news-conference-3)  start around 11:50
He’s not even a legitimate president. He cheated to get into office. I understand the concept of jailing a former president can be a tough pill to swallow for some people, but this man should have never been there in the first place.
i feel ya on this, but goddamn we need to swallow the bitter pill to stop this madness. 
Universal Health Care will come when enough people demand it. Its getting closer.
Biden loves strong women.  He loves the way their hair smells, how their butt looks when they’re mad..  And he is still getting my vote in November! 

That’s where we are, y’all.  Let’s swallow the bitter Biden pill and then work even harder to not only reverse the damage Trump has done but also create stronger protections to prevent it in the future. 

Oh and establish progressive policies like Medicare For All, renewable energy programs, aggressively funding education, strengthening workers’ rights, criminal justice reform, decriminalizing all substances with funding for addiction treatment/harm reduction, and taxing billionaires their fair share to pay for it!
No, that's a poison pill. We cannot give them any valid excuse to not pass this bill. Sure, the rabid base doesn't care how bad the excuse is, but independent voters do, especially when it comes to core services like the mail.
Covid is fake, it’s the flu lol take the red pill and keep pedophiles and pedophile protectors out of office.
He makes me absolutely insane and terrified but I do really enjoy hearing aspects of him in a more scientific (categorized) light. Constantly hearing the world hate him and pick him apart is one thing, but understanding exactly what is mental health issues are makes the pill (that is him) easier to swallow for me. I hope he can get the help he needs and isn’t re-elected
Tremendous growth. I will give the economy a little blue pill. You know what I mean, folks? Tremendous.
Wait until you see the militia he's got going on, their 'hype' video: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB2BLKIIZsw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB2BLKIIZsw)

Team Rugged: [https://www.thestranger.com/slog/2019/08/15/41096508/rep-matt-shea-promotes-group-training-child-soldiers-for-holy-war](https://www.thestranger.com/slog/2019/08/15/41096508/rep-matt-shea-promotes-group-training-child-soldiers-for-holy-war)

They are grooming the kids for suicide attacks...

Oh and he recently decided to get out of politics, his new gig is Youth Pastor at the largest private christian school in Spokane. Where he will continue to recruit; red-pill em' as it were.
Just doing my part to show the american people the truth. Want to dig deeper? Take the red pill (this perma-banned me from r/conservative after I asked if we were the bad guys)


https://www.benjaminlcorey.com/could-american-evangelicals-spot-the-antichrist-heres-the-biblical-predictions/
This sub is one red pill away from being r/conspiracy
In the same vein, I'd suggest that trump is a secret alcoholic and an obvious illegal pill popper. Also he was born in Jamaica.
Unfortunately that pill was statins and it just makes the morons live longer.
Those businesses are open. It was a poison pill. They have had years to advance pot reform. Shit earlier this month they said they wouldn’t decriminalize.
the DNC is disgusting and pathetic, agreed. Biden just needs to not engage with trump and let the US focus on what a catastrophe his leadership has gotten us into with respect to COVID. This is legit the worst pill I have to swallow with respect to voting for the lesser of two evils, but trump is legitimately a fucking incompetent dumbass who is hell bent on raping this country for his friends.
The tea party always had big money and special interest involved.  It was never hijacked.  QANON just seems to be a hodge podge if foreign actors and members of the Republican Party using it to pill Americans in to being stupider than they already are.
So the video isn’t real? You reddit mfs are a joke, and give it up with russia because Putin could give less of a shit about the USA. Give up on the how. And take the red pill
The magic pill is ultimately education.  Hell, literacy will be a good goal.
One day they'll invent a pill at birth that fixes these poor folks, and our descendants will look back and wonder how we ever got anything done sharing the world with these backwards fucks.
Any action is good action, right? I mean, as long as we're doing something that looks like it might potentially solve the problem, right?

But this is like having a kitchen fire and deciding to put it out by breaking into your neighbor's house use their kitchen instead. After all, you can't use your kitchen now and you're still damn hungry!

The unemployment benefit extension is $400, but it requires each state that wants to use it to pitch in $100. What that really means is that he's found a loophole to make the extension optional. States that either don't have the money or disagree with the extension for 'philisophical' reasons will simply opt out, leaving their workers just as screwed. Meanwhile, states that are *already* paying massive unemployment benefits to keep people going are going to go into even deeper debt to 'earn' their portion of the relief. It's a poison pill - state politicians can either do the right thing - that is, provide relief for those who are being harmed - or they can defend their political careers - by endorsing massive debt spending for 'those people who refuse to help themselves'.

The employment tax deferral, on the other hand, isn't just a nasty political maneuver, it's just shy of a bald-face attempt to stab workers and buisness owners in the back. See, he didn't excuse everyone from paying payroll taxes, he only *deferred* them, meaning that he isn't easing people's financial burdens at all - it's a *loan*, and a shitty one at that. I didn't do the math myself, but I heard it floated about that the average person would get an extra $30/paycheck or so. But if you accept that, you still have to pay back what *should* have been withheld when tax time comes, meaning that most people will be hit with an abnormally large tax bill.

But for small buisness it is worse. Payroll taxes make up a relatively small but consistent expense. While getting to hold onto that money in the short term is a good thing, the huge bill that will come do at the end of the deferral is likely to do far more harm than the deferral itself did good. It's why we get loans in the first place, yeah? We spread out our debts over time to make paying them more manageable. This deferral is the exact *opposite* of that.

Also, this executive order is completely illegal. Why? Well, one of the checks on Presidential power - arguably the *biggest* check - is the fact that the president can't unilaterally appropriate funds - he can't write checks for the nation. That's congress's job. So, how exactly is he going to pay for those unemployment benefits? He can't. That money can't be moved without the approval of congress. If it does, then we have fundamentally broken the way our system is supposed to work. And let's be clear, this isn't some small bit of spending to fix a minor issue - this is likely going to amount for billions in spending. This is not a footnote in the budget but a major line item. Allowing the president, *any* president, circumvent the system in such a blatant and illegal manner is a terrible idea, allowing for future Presidents to use this as precedent.

And while we're talking about our government as a system, let's wonder at just what type of message this sends. The bill that was proposed to do this *properly* was brought up in the Senate and stonewalled. Whether it was by the white house or the Senate Republicans hardly matters. The whole country saw congress attempt to deal with the issue - and fail due to political infighting. So what happens? The President rides in and 'saves' us (but not really) with an executive order, completely circumventing the proper channels. How does this sound for a headline? 'Congress broken, President acts unilaterally'. Is this really how we want our nation to function? Are we really willing to give up the ideals of this nation in order to 'get shit done'? Is Congress just meant to be a sop to public opinion while our Dictator-in-chief runs the country behind their backs?

No. I cannot and will not accept this just because 'he's trying'. Good effort though, trying to makes us all looking like mindless thralls of some Democrat brainwashing. Hur Hur, Republican bad.
Identity politics are alive and well. I understand that during debates things are different, but kamala was saying Biden was racist and she believed his accusers. The fact that she is now his running mate is so inauthentic, a cop democratic nominee after months of protests just shows how out of touch the Democratic Party is. I was hoping we’d be voting in better people to replace trump, having to go vote for these two is a hard pill to swallow.
I am sure that makes everything better ... err... how exactly?

Oh right, if you keep reminding yourself to take the Trump hate pill twice a day, it becomes easy to vote blue no matter who.
This hurt me deeply. Enjoy your probably better country for me, today, ok? Maybe go get a (n almost definitely) free check up, look at maps of your (probably) functional transit system, or just read about the logical steps (that I can safely assume) your country took to combat Corona. 

I'll be applying for scholarships from drug companies, as my antidepressant now costs $13 per pill. Murica.
How have we gone from "Hope and Change" as a campaign vision to "Return to Buisiness as Usual"?  We never got our change.

Bernie's "followers" don't give a shit what he wants them to do.  They supported him because his policies were closest to what they believe the country needs. Most of Bernies followers already decided that 2020 would be a year of gritting their teeth and voting for a horrible candidate.  I personally was considering breaking my vow of never voting  for anyone who supported the Iraq War or the Patriot Act.  Biden's championing of civil asset forfeiture and the escalation of the racist war on drugs in the 1990s is also a bitter pill to swallow.  The choice of Harris is just a slap in the face.  Why does the DNC want to alienate it's own base?  Such a ridiculous electoral strategy.  Two anti universal health care, tough on crime, anti drug, pro police, pro war, pro wall street candidates in 2020?  And of course Trump is worse with his clear plans to bankrupt and dismantle the federal government.  But why is the DNC playing brinksmanship against the left in this election?  Is protecting the interests of billionaires really so important to them?
The fuck is the "Lincoln Project" supposed to be? Yeah I've been to their website but I refuse to absorb important information through video and I'm not ready to swallow some fucking righty pill just because *gasp* they express their dislike for the worst human being in history to serve as POTUS.
Meanwhile, Harris gets dinged for not being progressive when voting against bogus Sanders poison pill amendments like the proposed 10% DoD budget cut, which would have killed critical Covid paycheck protection/unemployment funding.

Purity over political reality and actually helping people, every single goddamn time.
If you don't know that Trump's a cannibal, you don't know anything about taking the Red Pill.
OK, this is my honest guess about where that comes from, because you have to remember that these idiots are about as deep as a puddle in Death Valley. I'll bet some of them watched [this scene from Gladiator](https://youtu.be/xzYnPrarCqQ) and loved the Leni Riefenstahl aesthetic of it (because the Nazis, of course, lifted all that shit from the Romans). And as such they probably think they're being sneaky by calling up Roman imagery instead of Nazi imagery (which would out them immediately), even though they're essentially the same thing. 

Would anyone be surprised if it was something this trite? I wouldn't. These are the same morons who thought they were being cool with the whole "Red Pill" nonsense from the Matrix, and who base a lot of their culture around fundamentally misunderstanding movies like Fight Club and V For Vendetta.
This right here is why I jumped ship shortly after Trump was elected. I was a Conservative, thought Bush was just being unfairly gaslit, and really believed Fox News and Hannity were "fair and balanced" in a world that was being manipulated by "The Liberal Agenda". It's been a long, hard road to understanding just how programmed I was. I got to a point where the Fox propaganda just didn't hold up to the reality I could see with my own eyes, and as soon as I started to question that, and started to question just how much we were being lied to, and *what was the motivation*, the more I realized that the Conservative movement was little more than a white nationalist country club looking to keep women, minorities, and non-Christians in their place: beneath the heels of white, straight, Christian men.

It was a bitter pill to swallow. Trump was the first time I didn't vote for a Republican. John McCain was the last Republican I will likely ever vote for, and was, from every metric I can imagine, the last Republican worthy of anyone's vote. The rest are corrupt to the core.
It’s not actually affirmative action but he did pick her because she was BLACK. She would not be VP if she was white. It might be tough pill for you to swallow but it is what it is.
The orange pill
I really want to, he just keeps doing shit to make it such a difficult pill to swallow. I'm not a fan of this VP pick at all, and I live in California so it doesn't really matter if I vote for him or not.
I'm not too familiar with that bill, but I've heard that the prefunding pensions was Bush's suggestion and that he would've vetoed the bill without it. Democrats thought the multitude of good things in the bill could potentially outweigh the giant poison pill, so they accepted. Well, we seen the havoc that poison pill wreaked on the postal service.
Take the Howie pill
Evidence actually points to decriminalization providing of multitude of positives. I wasn’t arguing what Attorney Generals do or not do. Either way I’m on the anyone but Trump Bandwagon and will Vote for Biden/Harris as bitter a pill it may be. Have a good day!
They were 'red pilled'. Google "how to red pill someone" to see the techniques the far right use to radicalize normal folk into Islam hating bigots. It's quite heinous.
Most mainstream UBI proposals involve the removal of some other social safety net programs.  

The idea is that you save by trimming out bureaucracy that administers such things and people still get their money.  

Even conservative economists are inclined to believe that direct cash payouts are better for the economy than things like "government cheese" or limited use money like EBT. But direct payouts without limitations are a tough pill for the electorate to swallow.

Their is a legitimate argument to made that we have some redundant safety nets. You could argue that it's inefficient government by liberals who love to spend without looking at the big picture OR you could argue that conservatives like to put excessive limitations on programs which makes them so hard to administer that you keep ending up with new programs targeting new vulnerable people and the cost balloons.
Well then say that from the start, instead of "O look they explained what 1488 is, how dumb". Because now I don't think you actually knew any of this.

And the evidence is pretty solid. It begins the same as "the 14 words" that Nazis use and has 14 words. No one talking about a large group of people would use an obscure group size like 88. Might it be a coincidence? Of course. But that is the entire point of dog whistles. They can't go "Hey, white supremacists should join the DHS", so they use things that white supremacists use in their websites circles. And "Oops we made it sound like a nazi slogan. Oops and we had 14 words. Ooops and we used 88 in a way that doesn't make sense." Is a hard pill to swallow. Especially with Stephen Miller in Trump's group.

It's also not a 'book' or 'documents' like you keep dishonestly suggesting. It's one page, still up on their website.
No one because the upper class gives no shits what We The People want.  Its a tough pill to swallow.
Despite making numerous jokes at Kamala's expense during the the primaries, I think she is a fairly strong choice for several reasons.


While it may seem shallow and superficial, having a non-white, non-male face on the ticket matters. Given the degree of hyper-polarization in the US (there is a lot of evidence that the "swing-voter" no long really exists), elections results hinge on turnout, and having an African-American woman next to Biden will likely help draw out non-white voters that the Democrats will depend on in November. Again, shallow? You bet. Wrong? Probably not.
Most importantly though, tagging Harris signals to me that the Biden campaign has learned some very valuable lessons from the Clinton campaign. 

Much like Clinton in the Summer of 2016, Biden is polling very well in the places he needs to (significantly stronger than Clinton in almost every regard in fact), as the pandemic and mobilization following the death of George Floyd has put Trump on the back foot. Clinton chose to play things safe, both with the tagging of Tim Kaine and in terms of her general campaigning strategy. By choosing an attack dog like Harris, Biden appears to be signaling that he plans to go on the offensive, which is 100% the right move. When your opponent is weak you don't give them room to recover. You keep the pressure up and hammer them senseless until they fall, and that is the kind of environment where Harris thrives. Between that and the impressive fundraising numbers Biden has been posting, his team has all the tools they need to go toe to toe with Trump in any state they please. Plus let's be real, watching her debate Pence is going to be hilarious. Vice-Presidential debates don't matter at all, but it's still going to be some exceptional political theater. 


This is not to say that she is perfect, as no such choice exists. She is most certainly not going to be very palatable to the left-wing of the party (speaking as a Bernie voter). I am however quite skeptical of the notion that she will lose Biden any votes on the left, as any progressive who was willing to hold their nose and vote for Biden before this pick likely won't have that calculus changed by this choice. Additionally, the progressive concessions in the party platform and the continued campaign role of Liz Warren as Biden's policy guru (not to mention hatred of Trump) will assist in helping progressives swallow a somewhat bitter pill. That being said, racial and criminal justice are going to play a major role in this election, which means that Harris better come up with a good answer to explain her record as California AG. 


But we're in it now! Strap in, it's going to be a LONG 3 months...
&gt;This is not a hard choice.

It's a racist, sexist conservative vs a racist, sexist fascist. Yes there's no choice but it's a bitter pill to swallow all the same. Picking a record over justice cop (during massive anti-cop protests no less) doesn't help.

And if this ends up giving it to Trump, idiot liberals will blame Progressives instead of themselves like they did last time. The Democratic leadership and the suburbanite liberal voters thst back them are almost as out of touch as the Republican oligarchs.
With what exactly, Trying to swallow the.huge horse pill of electing not only a right-wing dem but also a cop?
You want the red pill or the blue pill?
Ugh... I get getting rid of Trump but Biden is making it really hard for me tight now. Biden is already a fuck no for me ideologically, almost as much as Trump is. This doesn't help with the pill swallowing Biden needs to get the Progressive vote.
Here's what seems to be a hard pill to swallow for a lot of you: this was the smart pick.
Half the democratic party isn't voting for Biden because they want Biden, they are voting for Biden because the don't want Trump.

Picking Harris just makes a bitter pill harder to swallow; if anything Harris is just going to cause more progressive votes to drop off.

Many of us would rather roll the dice on a Trump second term than stomach allowing Democrats to get away with once again subverting the will of the people to push through the very opposite of the sort of people we want in power.

That said... I am not saying I am one of them; I am saying many will be.
Same. I took the stupid Red Pill in 2016 and have an extreme case of voter's remorse. I'm sure as hell NOT voting for that Orange Fuckwad again. Biden/Harris 2020.
If you are a progressive, this might be a tough pill to swallow.... but they are putting forward the most progressive agenda of any major party candidate in the history of the US.
"Well they're not gonna mind taking the same pill that's been giving them bloody assholes for generations, if we give them a new pill that makes them bleed from their buttholes ***and*** peeholes for four years! In fact they'll cheer for it!"
All the comments of people not enraged are ridiculous. First, we had all democratic candidates drop out and endorse Biden, a senile old man. Now, we have his pick for VP, a crooked cop during a revolution against the police.

It's the same fucking establishment trying to slip us the same pill as always. What the fuck are we actually doing here?

edit. The Democratic Party is the new Republican Party, Wall Street own the dems and GOP. It's all the same fucking bullshit. A revolution is the only option.
&gt;I’m not going to pretend to be to be happy about this, but it is what it is I suppose. I don’t know who this is supposed to appeal to but here we are. I’m still voting Biden but this feels like such a slap in the dick to go with the bitter pill I’m already swallowing.

Can I ask who you would have preferred as a running mate?  


I'm not from the US so this is interesting for me!
Or had a poison pill of conservative legislation.
Fucks sake. Let's wash down that hard to swallow pill with some sawdust why don't we.
I’m not going to pretend to be to be happy about this, but it is what it is I suppose. I don’t know who this is supposed to appeal to but here we are. I’m still voting Biden but this feels like such a slap in the dick to go with the bitter pill I’m already swallowing.
Sanders occasionally votes against otherwise progressive legislation when it has a component that he considers to be deeply flawed.  So he's still very progressive, but it may look as if he votes against progressive legislation sometimes because he sees it as having some regressive poison pill.  Also, he was pro-gun for a very long time, because Vermont is very different than Detroit.
Well. They "secured the black vote", let's hope they don't make the same mistake they made in 2016 and start writing off progressives totally.

I'm ready to swallow this bitter pill, but if they signal that they are ignoring and belittling progressives again they're going to "feel the Bern" when progressives start checking out of the coalition again.
Take the red pill bruh.
Test it on Putin, his inner circle and their families first, then in about two years time if they don't have any serious side effects or haven't died from the sugar pill, then we can have the rest of the developed world's scientists have a look at it.
It IS speed in pill form.
So Trump has crafted a 'poison pill'? If he gets re-elected he will "forgive" the deferred payroll taxes (and thereby increase the financial woes of the social security and medicare funding) - and if Biden is elected, then the Democrats will have to choose between two bad selections - either forgive the repayments and damage SS/medicare, or allow Trump's executive order to stand which would end the deferment on Dec 31st and anger voters who really can't afford to repay the withheld taxes. 

None of this explains the reason for deferring payroll taxes anyway. Unemployed persons are not getting a paycheck so will not benefit at all by this provision. Employed persons are getting a paycheck, and they are arguably not in a financial crisis (so what is the point of deferring the taxes - other than to damage SS/medicare finances?).
For all intents and purposes, it just a tiny dose of speed in pill form.
My mom was also a lifelong addict, so I feel like it just made it a hell of a lot worse. She eventually got a really terrible doctor (she was on disability and had limited options available) and he just switched her to a pill addiction. He prescribed her various bipolar meds, but also incredibly high dosages of Xanax and other downers. Her heart finally gave out in 2014 and the cordoned told me that the dosage listed on her pill bottles would have killed a linebacker and he had no idea why no one at the pharmacy ever filed a complaint about it. She would just pass out and when she woke up, she would think it was a new day and would take all her meds again. She she was getting these insane dosages sometimes multiple times a day.
&gt; pro-Trump comment

a shame that hoping the leader of the country isn't killed is somehow partisan, America could use a chill pill haha
It’s a poison pill. He defers the tax and then if he isn’t re-elected it becomes due.
He says bleach is good and several supporters die of bleach poisoning. He says to take a pill that might cure COVID-19 and several people die of the drug. They really listen to this clown.
so think about what you just said there 

&gt; He couldn't have done that without Congress and our political system is so fucked they won't go along with it unless they can add shit in the bill that doesn't belong in it. 

yeah that's how negotiations work.... and Trump is supposed to be the best at it. 

So you think that letitng the American economy die is a better idea then saving America and conceding on some thing?   Not to metnion  Democrats are incredibly weak and will cave. 

So how will Trump do anything if he wins 2020?   He still isn't going to have the house and is going to lose the senate.  You are a weak president if you can't run country unless you have control of hte house and senate. 

&gt; Trump didnt take it super seriously he thought the travel ban would be the magic pill

He said it was a Hoax as late as Feb 28th.   He issued the travel ban AFTEr we already had around 30 deaths int he US

It's easy to play quarterback when people were screaming do something back in Feburary when he claimed it was a Hoax. 


The Democrats did put parties aside it has been the republicans who have continued to say we don't need to do anything.
&gt; She said she doesn't like how reliant she is on the pills. Missing even one dose can mess with her behavior.

I'm not throwing shade, but...that's a lot of things in life.  Missing one dose of birth control, for example, can mess with the rest of your *life*...

Before anyone jumps in, yes I know it's incredibly unlikely you'll get pregnant missing one pill.  But it *can happen*, and it only needs to happen once.
He couldn't have done that without Congress and our political system is so fucked they won't go along with it unless they can add shit in the bill that doesn't belong in it. 

Trump didnt take it super seriously he thought the travel ban would be the magic pill. Yes there are no jobs right now but look at restaurants half the servers are gone because you can only seat half the place. It's easy to Monday morning quarterback I think it's more of a failure of our system not just on trump. The house should have put parties aside and came up with something for trump to sign. He can't do everything and he shouldn't.
Hell yeah the democrats got bin laden! They sent some navy seals to go kill an old foreign man, that’s fuckin justice right there! And just like in Star Wars 1 when Anakin shoots the ship and all the droids shut down, all our Middle East problems were over. 

Jesus, you swallowed that propaganda pill whole. Did you think it was good too when Trump had Soleimani killed?
When bipolar people are in their mania state, they feel awesome.  They feel full of energy and happiness, everything is inspiring, creative ideas feel like they come a mile a minute, and nothing they do is a misstep.  (This is really visible in Kanye's previous outbursts on running for president to fix the entire world politically, and when he had a new business idea for Cook, Elon, Bezos, and Gates to all fund him that would revolutionize the global economy.  Even if the actual ideas are incoherent, it all feels great.)  It's basically a natural drug high, and taking bipolar medicine immediately takes that edge away when it rebalances their brain chemicals.  They often know in the back of their mind that they -should- be taking their medicine, but it's extremely hard to will yourself into take a pill that you know will drop you into a state of misery when you're in near-perfect bliss.
hes a red pill troll. his two year account full of agitator posts
Yes I was diagnosed with major depression when I was 12 and took 5 years to find meds that actually helped and even now I still struggle with side effects. 

You don’t just give someone a pill and they are immediately better, it is a lot of trial and error.
I 100% agree with this. If I were being honest, it would give me pause in a Biden-Harris ticket only because I really don't think Harris belongs in the VP or P spot. I can't believe everything about Harris is being glossed over; it comes across as something along the lines of "well among prominent black women she checks off all the superficial boxes" which isn't exactly convincing relative to an attitude of "who would function the best in this role." 

I'm glad you pointed out that often "ambition" is a euphemism for "machiavellian" which means "unethical". It has nothing to do with gender. 

Biden and Obama were more similar in terms of policies than Harris and Biden. I just don't see them clicking. 

I hope that Biden goes with Whitmer or Rice. Harris would be a hard pill for me to swallow.
It's going on now. Mom and pop and small chain restaurants can't operate profitably at 25% or 50% occupancy so they will have to close. Chain restaurants and franchises can hold out a little longer but the cracks start to really show during the US second wave in the fall of 2020. Taco Bell, with its limited ingredient menu being easier to source and low cost of food making it affordable to masses of the unemployed, will thrive. The profits from this will be offered as loans to other restaurants in an outwardly supportive, and initially well-received, gesture. But the agreements will come with a poison pill in terms of permanent partial ownership granting additional powers to set menus, prices, and branding. Other restaurants who opt not to accept the deal will find themselves heavily out-competed by TB-backed outlets in wave 3 in Spring of 2021. By the end of that year few independent establishments are left. In February 2022 the parent company announces the Taco Bell Share Allocation Limited Service Alliance which triggers the loan clauses enabling renaming rights. All restaurants who accepted the loans will be forced to rename as "Taco Bell" or lose their funding and vested parent company shares. Thousands of restaurants shutter overnight while the rest see the writing on the wall and accept the terms just to stay open.
As a Bernie supporter (donated $100) I love Bernie and his message, I'm taking a bitter pill footing for Biden but the other options are jojo or trump...
Abstractly--if the input is a problem and you do nothing to change the input, the system will remain the same. If that input has significant racial bias, that racial bias will replicate throughout the system it influences. The system is therefore structurally racist.

In this particular case, input (funding) is a major part of the issue (educational outcomes) and it manifests in many, many downstream problems in racial equity. If you keep the input (funding) as is, you accept the current system is working as intended, and accept the downstream effects of that system.

If you see it as a problem, then there are ways to fix it, but it will have to be a multi-pronged effort. There are no silver bullets policies that will single-handedly slay the beast of systemic racism.

As far as funding is concerned, a per-child funding scheme would arguably be more fair than basing it on property taxes. By basing it on property taxes you are *de facto* guaranteeing better education for the more wealthy (and in the US, wealth is heavily racialized).

(Arguably, an educational "debt" is owed, and the most equitable response would be an increase in funding for BIPOC neighborhoods beyond that of wealthy white neighborhoods to ensure cycles of racialized poverty are finally broken. This is a difficult pill to swallow for folks, though.)
The gop will probably tell the Dems they have to swallow the pill and write it off even at a cost to social security funding.
That’s how it is with every tax cut bill that the Republicans have ever passed. They give it like a five year lifespan. If the Republicans are still in power, they’ll pass it again no problem, with little to no additions. If a Democrat is in power, they will either try to pass it as is, won’t ever bring the bill to the floor, or add so much extra poison pill bullshit that it wouldn’t pass no matter who is in power. The Republicans will then claim that the Dems are wanting to raise taxes on you.

It happens every time there’s a tax cut.
No it will not. What in the last 3 decades of Democratic politics makes you think they won’t take the donor money and allow the private insurers to dump their most at-risk patients onto the public system.

The reason the USA will never have a proper healthcare system is because there is no opposition party in that country to the two parties of management. The “public option” is an intentional poison pill which anyone who has been paying attention can see how that will materialize. 

The fact that you have half the Democratic Party rigorously defending a healthcare bill written by health insurance lobbyists because Maharaja Obama signed it is exactly the lazy, partisan thinking that helped elect Donald Trump.

Democrats are corrupt on the issue of healthcare. Absolving them because the GOP is full of monsters isn’t going to lead to bette policy.
&gt; t’s not our government that is failing us. It is entirely the fault of republicans.

Don't you know?  They included the massive poison pill that their bill would help a lot of people.  Republicans can't have that!
He probably demanded it and after much eye rolling his doctor gave him a sugar pill and told him it was hydroxychloroquine.
People hate to consider it, but I wouldn’t be surprised if they helped echo George Floyd news as to intentionally piss off Americans, cause riots, and worsen our Covid -19 response. 

Socialist Cold War tactics from USSR commonly involved sowing doubt in American exceptionalism by festering ideas of evil pasts involving slavery and indiginous tribe atrocities.  Many people today have already swallowed that pill.
Just take the compromise bill without the poison pill language and pass it as a fresh bill
Me and my friends used to hangout in parking lots and smoke cigarettes during high school. This lead to endless police harassment. My favorite bullshit moment during one of these was a speaker turned off in the bed of a truck. The officer grabbed it and pressed the power button. 

The button pops out of the speaker to become a volume rocker. He attempts to unscrew it and search for weed to no avail. My friend then informs the guy that "its a fucking speaker not an old pill bottle stupid"  the officer was so flustered that he couldn't open the speaker that he tried to give us a ticket for under age smoking but another offiver showed up and told him to just let it go. 

Overall one of the only harmless encounters I had with police but it still baffled me that this dude wanted so badly to take down a couple teenagers.
&gt; States aren't going to want to cover federal unemployment, and the FEMA fund will last for about 3-4 weeks before they're out of money.

states aren't going to have much of a choice. how's it going to look come election time in november if those elected officials opt not to allow their constituents to get the $400 plus up?

also, the fund should last more like 4-5 weeks. (which is fine, because this is a stopgap and not a replacement for an actual bill. it's aid for the people who were getting nothing as a result of congress not reaching an agreement before the cares act provisions expired.

&gt;Schumer and Pelosi have the upperhand. 

not really. after trump passed his executive order, pelosi came back the bargaining table begging to negotiate the next day.

the executive order undercuts the democrats plan of denying money to the american people and using that as a bargaining chip to force through their own partisan demands.

trump's plusup means pelosi/schumer can't sit back and say "no piecemeal deals for stuff we agree on, any stimulus is all or nothing" and then demand that the poison pill infested heroes bill gets passed.

&gt;Now Trump is forced to play games with the payroll tax, which opens him to attacks on gutting Social Security

and he's running against biden in november. someone who was in the white house the last time there was a payroll tax cut, and someone that progressives spent the last year and a half screaming would take away everyone's social security. bernie even had campaign adds attack biden on social security.
Don't forget they also actively kneecapped and watered down the ACA during Democratic good-faith efforts of letting the GOP add amendments.

There's no public option because the GOP said they might vote for ACA if there wasn't a public option, but wouldn't consider it otherwise. They also added as many poison pill and starve-the-beast amendments as they could think of to sabotage and handicap ACA implementation.
There's still at least one option left available.

Revolution.

Citizens have guns...and there are tens of millions of you...and one little old white house.  

Now, I don't advocate for violence unless it's an absolutely last resort.  For example, violence was necessary to stop Hitler. It's increasingly looking like violence is going to be necessary to remove Trump and the GoP. The only question is what the catalyst is going to be.  Will it be a 2nd rigged election with blatant foreign interference and scumbag Republican voter suppression tactics? It could be, I don't think the majority of America is willing to sit through another 4 (or maybe more) years of a Trump presidency.  

Who is willing to stand up and defend America and what she stands for in the face of those who would destroy her?  It's a bitter pill to swallow because this time, it's not some far off threat in the Middle East, Europe or Asia...it's other Americans.
https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/

Jason Miller is now a "senior advisor" to the Trump campaign. I was wrong to say he is the campaign manager. 

He also bought prostitutes, no doubt to spread the word of Jesus to them... 

https://www.mediaite.com/politics/exclusive-former-trump-aide-jason-miller-admits-to-hiring-prostitutes-in-2015-and-2017/
Which I believe is a poison pill.  Get a public option and the private insurance companies will do everything they can to put the sickest and least-profitable people onto that plan.  That will saddle the public option with the oldest, sickest, most-expensive people to insure.  You will then have Republicans screaming from the rooftop "See? Told you a government-run healthcare system won't work.  Look at all these wasted taxpayer funds."
This is a poison pill intended to kill the entire bill.  The republicans know very well that the democrats will never agree to this.  The republicans put this poison pill in the bill because they want it to fail so they can blame the democrats.
Believing is a hard leap from discussing. Take a chill pill Stardust!
It’s called a poison pill. They know democrats won’t pass a bill with this in it. They put it into the bill so they can shame the Democrats by saying, “see they won’t pass the bill, they don’t care about you.”
Yes. Yes it is. He's setting up a poison pill tax bomb that hits the people if he loses the election. Or trying to, if his EOs were even legal
Payroll taxes are different from Medicare and Social Security. Eliminating payroll taxes from every lay check only means you pay at the end of the end year or meeting enough deductions to qualify for a refund. Also as far stage payroll taxes, that would be determined by the state. What it would mean as a secondary is a focus on more fiscal responsibility by the government, less cash coming in throughoit the year. Take a chill pill people and learn what your paycheck deductions mean.
Honestly, do ANY of these have any chance of being effective? The unemployment relief has a built-in poison pill, requiring states to come up with matching funding that a lot of them won’t. The eviction “relief” is just lip service. Employers are still going to take the payroll tax out of employee’s checks because this is just a deferment and it will have to be paid when it runs out. I can’t imagine that many employers are so confident Trump will win and cut the payroll tax out permanently that they’ll just let it go.
Some mental illness can't be cured by money. That's just how things work, unfortunately.

Fuck Kanye the personality, but as a person this whole thing is really fucking tragic and isn't something as easy as "lol take pill, therapy, all good!". All the money and meds in the world can't stop it creeping in.

He can care one moment and, even medicated, not at all the next, and it's not in his control. Bipolar, BPD, psychosis, any of that, money and fame doesn't give a shit. 

Anyone believing he's got it made and shouldn't be struggling is ignorant or at best naive to what this sort of thing can do.
That's not how it works. It helps, but being bipolar doesn't just go away with a pill, and how well it helps varies wildly.
Why? Let people believe what they want. The problem is people thinking they need to control other people's thoughts. If society wasn't so fucked up to begin with, none of this would have even started. You reap what you sow. Reddit is so convince trumf is the bad guy. You guys need to chill on the blue pill. Democrats and Republicans alike are the same fucking thing.
I got sick of people screaming at others, trying to force their beliefs on others, not caring about anything but abortion, not caring about women, not caring about the poor, etc. I've always believed in not forcing my beliefs on other people, but showing them through my actions. I've also always believed in taking care of other people, feeding the hungry, clothing the naked, sheltering the homeless, providing care for the sick, helping immigrants, taking care of the environment, etc. I don't believe that borders are for keeping people out, but for establishing a country's sovereignty. I don't believe in the death penalty, and I'm anti-unjust war. If someone needs something, we, as humans, have a duty to provide it where we can. Every human being deserves dignity and respect.

I realized that the only thing I had in common with other pro-life activists was that I don't believe that abortion is the answer. However, I would rather stop it by providing for the needs of women, children, and families. Research done by even the Guttmacher Institute (Planned Parenthood's research arm) says that women get abortions because of lack of money, healthcare, education, shelter, support, etc. We can't and shouldn't strive to make abortion illegal, but we can make it unthinkable, and that's what needs to be done. We have to change hearts and minds, and provide for others' needs, but almost no one wants to go that route.

My favorite of the pro-life groups is Feminists For Life (for which actress Patricia Heaton is their Honorary Chair). They provide planning and funding for housing for women, changing tables in restrooms, all women's healthcare on college campuses, healthcare for women in general, helping women pay bills, advocating for women to not get kicked out of school or lose scholarships for being pregnant, support for those who need it, etc. However, they're on the east coast, while I'm on the west coast.

I also like Catholic Charities. They aren't labelled as a pro-life group, but the work they do is what I think pro-life groups *should* be doing. They provide housing, childcare, healthcare, food, clothing, other necessities, bill paying help, counselling, education help, job training, help getting a job, transportation, etc. Some other pro-life organizations do this, but usually only local organizations, like women's care centers that are run by Catholics (the Catholic ones will usually be upfront about not doing abortions, as opposed to other women's care centers). The one started by some of my friends is the Juan Diego Society.

These are the things that need to be done: helping people. Not bullying, screaming, name calling, terrorizing, making it impossible to get healthcare, calling people lazy, etc.

Another thing that turned me off of it was that, when the ACA (Affordable Care Act) was passed, I finally got healthcare, and my dad finally couldn't be blocked from getting healthcare anymore, but my "friends" then kept arguing for the repeal of the the ACA. The research clearly shows that lack of healthcare is one of the biggest causes of women wanting abortions, and they couldn't see that. They couldn't even acknowledge when the numbers of abortions were halved because of the ACA. I also stopped going to the Walk For Life because people were being so pro-Trump and lying about stuff: Dr. Delgado's "abortion pill reversal", the HIPAA (US equivalent of the UK's Data Protection Act) violations by Live Action, etc.

Despite what might be believed, pro-lifers often do care about after children are born (the only person I've heard say otherwise is Jeff White of Survivors). However, they spend most of their time and energy on legal matters so that they can make abortion illegal. That's not what needs to be done. Making it illegal won't stop it, and it doesn't help women who feel they have no other choice because of lack of money, healthcare, shelter, support, education, etc. To stop abortion, we have to support women, children, and families in every way we can.

Basically, I just got sick of people having the wrong objectives, supporting the wrong things, being bullies, and supporting the wrong people. I couldn't stand with them anymore, so I stopped.
We're all reacting in the moment, but I'd propose basically the exact wording as a new bill, pass it in the house, and bank on McConnell not choosing now as the time to spit in Trump's eye. Trump isn't smart enough to take McConnell killing his own EO's as clever politics. He'll just see it as betrayal and get on the tweeter.

None of these EO measures are perfect, and they certainly aren't sufficient to the crisis, but they aren't bad either, aside form the payroll tax holiday. And they don't (as far as I know) include the poison pill of total corporate immunity form COVID-linked damages. And this way you can avoid setting a precedent.
Definitely agree that the G.O.P is a problem, but let’s not forget that rise of Neo-Liberalism headed by Clinton in the 90’s is also at fault. 

The trend of modern imperialism and a corperatist domestic policy has been championed by both sides. It’s just that the Dems make that pill a little bit easier for the American people to swallow.
Oh you mean the one who drugged his gf with the abortion pill, successfully aborting their unborn child and landing his gf in the hospital?
It's an easy pill to swallow, China makes 10 and 20 year plans for the country

Trump is a loose cannon threatening all those plans
This is rich. Let’s check in and see what Trump sounded like at his press conference yesterday:


&gt; So that the United States, which is the number one purchaser of drugs by far in the world, biggest purchaser in the world, not even close. You have other countries that are bigger. If you look at India, China, et cetera, not too many. But we have countries that are bigger but not even close in terms of ordering drugs, we’re the number one country in the world, but we have a favored-nation. So if somebody has a drug, many cases it comes from a plant. It’s the same pill, it’s the same medicine or medication, whatever the lowest country charges. So if Germany charges 25 cents for a pill and we charge $2 and I only use Germany as an example, then we get that or 25 cents.
It's simple facts. The American people. Including myself will be getting treated better by our healthcare system once these executive orders get passed. If you have a job during this pandemic. Your taxes won't be as high. This means you get more on every paycheck so you can pay your bills. (VERY HELPFUL) My grandmother can get her diabetic medicine for cheaper bc big pharma can't have 10 of the same pill and all of them having different cost. Doctors and big pharma can't give each other push backs. Meaning: A medicine provider can tell the doctors I'll give you this( exp. $100) if you sell 8 of these pill bottles. Every 8 you get 100. (VERY HELPFUL FOR AMERICAN PEOPLE).
What you are buying is irrelevant.
Chinese national interests are best served by Biden winning the presidency.
I know its a hard pill to swallow when you think only the opposition can be influenced by foreign agendas... but its time you swallowed it.
The fact that Trump campaign would not only rehire Jason Miller (why is he not in jail?) but also trot him out to represent them on national TV pretty much sums up how they do business. 


https://www.google.com/amp/s/nypost.com/2018/09/23/ex-trump-staffer-accused-of-slipping-abortion-pill-into-girlfriends-smoothie/amp/
hydroxychloroquine has been shown NOT to fucking work. Repeatedly. Trump jumped on something that was being tested because he needed a miracle cure to prevent his own shitty handling of the situation. Meanwhile his son in law, who was also part of the pandemic team, was trying to obtain a producer of the drug that was dangerously being pushed to be able to profit off it. That pill, when demand suddenly added 300 million people wouldn't be $5 a pill anymore. They were going to price gouge, just like they did with the ppe they refused to ramp up supply on, forced states to bid against each other for and then stole from the winners to hand off to a donor to sell for profit back to the states they stole from 

It's his inability to not try to make a profit off of literally everything that is fucking up the simplest things for him. All he had to do was let the experts talk. But he couldn't take not being in the spotlight, acting like a used car salesman Hocking lemons on unsuspecting marks.
You are implying Trump is purposefully doing all these things to gain profit. 
How would purposefully sabotaging himself help him win re-election or gain any profit?
He is pushing hydroxychloroquine which is a tested working medication. My aunt takes it for Lupus. It is under 5$ a pill.
The left is pushing a medication that is less effective and costs 1000$ a pill.
The left is funded my pharmaceuticals.
Many of the studies that came out saying hydroxychloroquine was dangerous, were in fact funded by the Bill Gates foundation and completely false, they had to be retracted. No less than 3 studies. All using false data to push their narrative. 
So when you tell me Trump is trying to profit off this, Ill just tell you the left is as well.
Nasty medication. I had to wean off a 1/4 pill every few days. I got off it. I am thankful for when I needed it, and even more thankful to be off of it. 

But yeah. You can’t quit that cold turkey, and titrating down is difficult.  They warned me of rebound seizures if I quit to quickly. 

I hope you find a solution. This sucks.
Oh for sure. There's already some places that will mail you the plan b pill. I was just saying you didn't need to call it any silly name as there's nothing the state can do about it.
Same Intel groups that Brennan was the boss of? Yea I'm not gonna trust that dude or his crew, red pill: first President to give a direct check to the people.
The following is an actual conversation that took place deep in the heart of shadows.
"The two most powerful men in the world want to be friends, what could go wrong?" 
"Peace could break out"
It don’t matter for you because your not real patriots. News flash they are coming for all guns if you haven’t figured that out yet. Take the red pill it’s good for you.
The red pill is so mindfuckingly complicated, I sometimes regret my choice. 

I just came across a [meme](https://www.reddit.com/r/PresidentialRaceMemes/comments/i5diee/come_on_man/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share) abou Dems trying to stop Sanders vs Dems trying to stop Trump. I found it funny, gave it a chuckle and scrolled past. 

But after reading your comment and connecting a few dots, this does seem like 2016 repeating itself. And it's not any bit good for the US particularly and the world in general.
One is a genius and the other is a podcaster. Not celebrities. Think for yourself. Take the red pill. That should be Andrew Yang there.
Pro Trump.  Not Pro hackers.  

400lb guy in his parents basement who ate the red pill and nose dived into depression.
They need to fix the republican poison pill from 30 years ago.
By design. Why else would they have passed legislation to force the Post Office to pre-fund all their pension obligations, making them the only organization ON EARTH that has to do anything similar? Free them of this purely political poison-pill and they'll go back to where they were: Solvent and effective.
Say it never goes away, and instead we just get seasonal surge of Covid? As this is what is most likely, people keep waiting for a vaccination that’s going to eliminate it, this will never happen. We have to learn to live with it while being as careful as we can. 

I think that’s the biggest pill for everyone to swallow. This will never go away, now what?
Kanye, you should  start eating the whole pill
I did read that bidens national lead dropped from 7 to 4 pts, so yeah its up in the air. I still think he has a better chance than hilary did but we'll see. 

I still haven't decided if i will swallow that pill and vote biden or just vote green. Luckily I'm in CA so ky choice doesn't have an impact compared to someone in a purple state.
The dismissal of M4A happens for a very good reason: you can't get it to happen without essentially every Democrat in the senate voting for it.  A lot of them are fairly conservative, and it's a tough pill to swallow for unions who worked to get health care as an untaxed benefit for their membership.

You want M4A?  Convince the American people that they really want it, and the politicians will follow.
Yeah we usually talk every day, but he told me I was a zealot for posting politically charged things on Instagram and he wanted a break. I told him not to look and then he got extremely combative. Haven’t talked in 3 days I think, and life has been very peaceful for me. I just don’t understand his train of thought some times. He’s sent me posts from red pill instagrams too, and I explained to him the origin of the red pill on Reddit. He just downplayed it because he doesn’t go on Reddit and thinks it’s some niche community.
*"Bill Gates Just Wants Us To Use His Satanic Microchip Pill!"* in 3,2,1...
This sub is fucking stupid. Maybe one day we’ll all take the yellow pill, however hard it is to swallow, and vote libertarian.
I’m a very anxious person. If it wasn’t weed, it’d be a pill. Would much rather the weed but the last 4 years and especially the last 6-8 months have pushed a habit into a dependency. And that blows. I get embarrassed by it too. Especially when I have to travel somewhere and need to hoard cartridges and edibles in my luggage like a damn smuggler.
So I’m not an expert but I will say how I interpreted it,  Higher prices of drugs help pharmaceutical companies afford research and develop medication,  but most other countries have legislation to limit prices of drugs, where the US did not,  so Ireland would pay $1 for a pill but someone in New Jersey is paying $8,  but now this new EO will cut out the middlemen who are profiting off of that $7 just because the drug was being purchased in the states.

Big pharmaceutical is expected to take a $2-$8 billion profit loss from these changes.
It's a hard pill to swallow that this even sounds like a remotely good idea. Doesn't majority of military recruits come from the southern states?
I'm trying to be. It gets a little difficult when I do my best and it's still not enough. You know. I see a lot of comments about how COs need to treat the prisoners like people. Yet not once am I treated like a human being by a single person that isn't in uniform. People wonder why cops are so jaded.

I'm trying to be the good guy. It's hard though. Sometimes I wish I could do something else but the truth is I'm the guy who became a cop because he couldn't do anything else. I'm the guy who dropped out of high school, didn't go to college, bounced around jobs for a bit and now I'm a part of that blue line. The only thing is that I like being a good guy with friends and being good to people. I don't enjoy having to do some of the things I do to the inmates. I don't enjoy making them strip down and squat and cough. I don't enjoy taking their unauthorized clothing away. I don't enjoy telling them they can't have an extra meal because it's against the rules.

I don't even know if I enjoy this job at all. But it feeds me and my family and it keeps my $400 pill bottle filled so I guess I'll do it.
&gt;Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has indicated that the liability restrictions are a critical Republican requirement for further COVID-19 relief measures.

This is a poison pill.  Schumer said he will never agree to this.  This ensures that the bill will die.  There will be no relief.  Prepare for economic collapse.  Sell all your stocks.  It seems the republicans are trying to cause a collapse.
Yeah I don’t know, I don’t think it’s inherently a poison pill but the Benghazi narrative isn’t nothing. I feel like this is one of those takes of “well, whatever, we all know it’s bullshit”. But not only is that pretty myopic, since when has the fact that something isn’t real mattered?
Poison pill shit.
He's talking about a disinfectant pill.
That's not really true, though.  Gilead granted a license to 9 other drug makers to do the work.  It doesn't cost them any money to sign a licensing agreement and transfer IP.  It actually *makes* them money because they get royalty payments in return, although in this case those payments are temporarily paused while the pandemic is ongoing.  A royalty payment is pretty much 100% margin.

Gilead didn't lose out on any direct sales, either, because none of the markets those drugmakers are targeting can afford to pay what Gilead charges, anyway. 

[I thought Trump had introduced a pathway for Gilead to buy back the foreign-manufactured remdesivir for use in the United States](https://khn.org/morning-breakout/trump-administration-unveils-drafts-to-create-dual-pathways-easing-way-for-prescription-drug-importation/).  Though, I must be honest, I don't see how that that pathway would save a company any money, in general.  The marginal cost to manufacture one pill is almost nothing, even in the US; that's not why prices are high there.
Dude. That was an angry red-pill MRA lawyer who had a case with that judge in the past. He killed someone else involved in that same case like a month prior. 

Also the case had barely anything to do with Epstein other than that he was a client of Deutsche. It was just a lawsuit of rich people suing over stock price. 

Plenty of shady stuff around Epstein, but that was not one of them.
Oh the tax the rich more meme the flagship symbol of those who can't do math and are too lazy to look into their easy pill "solutions"

I've got an easier one... Let's just print the money and give it to people.  

The government can't even balance a budget, and you want them in charge of the well being of everyone.  

The very issue we're discussing right now is because of bad policy and it comes from both sides of the aisle ... Because it's mutually beneficial for them.

In taking away regulations you're not absolving them of responsibility.  However you can then whole heatedly object to the massive subsidies that are given out year after year to these corporations.

It'd be really nice if government had no control over the monetary supply.
Trashy. They're setting up a monopoly to prevent canadian drugs from collapsing prices by an order of 10'000.

In america pharmaceutical companies have an habit of having claim of fake patents on gov-funded research and common meds and try to sell them for thousands a pill while preventing competitors from existing in america/entering the US market. Forbidding competition sounds like another attempt to destroy even further americans' ability to access affordable medicine.

They say it's about china but i see no canadian waiver so really it's targeted at preventing any competition in the US from canada.
Veterans have also become mass murders, have slaughtered their families due to ptsd.. so let's just swallow that pill.
Imagine if we get to February with a new administration and find out the only real response this administration had was buying millions of ineffective if not dangerous pills.

If they went unused completely that would be even worse.Wonder what they paid per pill...
Biden will be milquetoast and impotent and accomplish nothing.  That’s why they picked him; he won’t threaten or upset republicans as much as Obama did, he’s an easy pill to swallow.
And guys in their 20s and 30s who browsed the red pill subreddit once and are now referring to other guys as beta males.
I’m an American living in New Zealand. During lockdown, I had a kidney stone that got a bit tricky. By the time it passed, I had had an MRI, 2 CTs, two months of meds, and a visit to a urologist. All totaled, exactly $1270 USD out the door. Now here’s the thing - I’m not a NZ citizen or PR. I pay taxes here but I’m not entitled to the national system (and rightfully so). I was uninsured at the time and, because of the lockdown kerfuffle at immigration, was little more than a glorified tourist. That $1270 is what I paid as an uninsured, uncovered, floating citizen of the world in a country that regulates its healthcare costs. 

I’ve lived in both systems. Americans, regardless of your silly ass political affiliation, you’re getting fucked by a healthcare system (if you can call it that) that can only be described as thundering dogshit. You’re not a patient, you’re a customer. Get fucking angry and stop swearing allegiance to Kaiser goddamn Permanente in the same way you side with your Super Bowl pick. Here’s some [reading](https://time.com/198/bitter-pill-why-medical-bills-are-killing-us/).
Napalm is more effective than the quackery pill in that it will kill the patient AND the virus instead of just the patient.
I get the sentiment 100%. I will vote for Biden but it’s absolutely begrudgingly. This is a man who has said such stupid things as “you aren’t really black if you don’t vote for me” and is literally in hiding from interviews due to his lack of ability to not insert foot in mouth every time. Not voting for him isn’t an option still, but it’s a very hard pill to swallow just as 2016 was. These last 6 years of politics have highlighted how outdated and awful our system is. We must move to another, my choice would be MMP with ranked choice voting but anything not FPTP would be welcomed.
I got 4 stitches from a dog bite and it was $4500, including a $22 charge for one single antibiotic pill.

Edit* Oh and the 1/4 mile ambulance ride cost an additional $550.
I'd rather have someone who just had Dementia than our current president who has Dementia, a pill addiction, and is a complete an utter sociopath.
I think it's more like this. You have a cancerous growth dangerously close to your brain but it's currently in your left ear canal.

You have two options. Have surgery and chemo to get rid of the cancer and lose your hearing out of that side, or do nothing.

You know the first option sucks because chemo sucks and you'll lose hearing out of one side. 

The second option though has a number of outcomes. It's possible nothing will happen and it won't affect you in the short term, though this is a small chance according to the doctors and the fact that the cancer is already causing you major splitting headaches on a regular basis. Another outcome is it will eat away at a small part of your brain and seriously diminish your mental capacity and ability to do your job and function well in society. Another outcome is it will eat enough of your brain that your entire body will become paralyzed. Yet another outcome is that it will leave you a blubbering vegetable for the rest of your life. It is highly likely that no matter what outcome, doing nothing will contribute to an early death.

So, do you swallow your bitter pill and elect to have the cancer removed? Or do you refuse and let it destroy your life?
Actually, I couldn't disagree more, and I voted for her in 2018.  When she lost the governor's race, rather than focus on 2020 and the fact that GA had 1 senate seat open (and a second one opened shortly thereafter with Isakson's retirement), she opted to go start her voting rights project.  I FULLY support that project, and while I was sad she wasn't going to focus on GA senate 2020, I respected her choice to pursue such a worthy project.

Then she started openly campaigning for Biden's VP spot.  She checks many boxes...strong woman, person of color, potential swing state, is not a vulnerable incumbent...I could go on.  But it was already a tough pill to swallow that she wasn't running for 2020 senate, so seeing her not focusing exclusively on the voting rights thing really rubs me, and likely others, the wrong way.  IMO, she has effectively ended her political career if Biden DOESN'T pick her as VP.  She could run for a house seat or a state seat, but her moment in the sun may be over.

Isakson's 2020-2022 replacement is particularly vulnerable, and Perdue's 2020-2026 seat a little less so, so let's focus on the former.  Kemp appointed Loeffler, a wall street wife who republicans don't really love, to Isakson's seat.  Her republican opponent, Collins, is a hardcore Trump bootlicker.  There is no primary for the seat, so it's first one to 50% on election day.  Those two will split the republican vote, and there are several democrats running as well.  If a single person unified the democrat pool (e.g. someone like Abrams), we might have a chance at snagging that 50%.   If no one gets 50%, it goes to a runoff between the top 2.  Who are the top 2 in polling currently?  Loeffler and Collins.  So democrats theoretically may not even be able to have a spot on the ballot if no one wins in early November.

Long story short, I'm bitter about Abrams' choices.  Pet project or senate seat.  Both are important.  Pick one or both.  None of this VP nonsense.  Control of the senate is arguably more important than control of the presidency anyways.
Sounds like a dick pill. I love it
I think about this because I drive down "methadone mile" in my city often and see a lot of hurt people. I don't see how diversion of scripts and pill mills could have saturated a giant country like the US with pills as per the official version of events. Purdue was pumping that shit onto the street directly somehow.
In those 1000 pill Costco size bottles those 2 million doses might be 2 or 3 pallet loads.

Those "63 million doses" Trump bought might be one truckload.
Her drinking and prescription pill problems are the reason she vetoed legalizing marijuana because she's equating those two things to each other and she knows how hard it was for her to quit her two problems and she doesn't want to do that to anybody else. As a marijuana enthusiast I just want to strangle her for her stupidity!
Tic tac those little pill candies the doctors give him
Not of there's corporate immunity in there. That's a poison pill the Dems had better not fall for.
I decided to swallow the bitter pill and am ~9 min in. Swan is pretty genius how he's playing to his narcissism.

Edit [link to full vid for the lazy](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/trump-axios-interview-jonathan-swan-1039137/)
They use to have the Red Pill as a sub of interest in their sidebar back in the day. 

That should tell you everything you need to know about their target demographic.
"For a comparison, let’s look at 9 European countries which together have about 326 million inhabitants, which is nearly the same as the U.S.: Germany, U.K, France, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Belgium, Portugal, and Austria. As of April 20th, these countries have roughly the same numbers of confirmed cases of coronavirus – 770,000 – as the U.S. The table below shows that the U.S. has a better case fatality rate than six of the countries.
(Forbes)
As you can see, for countries that have a similar population density we are doing the best out of everyone, like Trump said.

The left has created this huge narrative that Trump is not doing anything to protect citizens from the virus, and dosnt believe it is even real or dangerous, that's all a lie. As soon as the U.S has its first confirmed case Trump put it in the travel ban, which has saved millions of lives. He was so proactive on all of this it's crazy to me that Democrats try to say he dosnt care, when at the same time corona was hitting the U.S Nancy Pelosi was having parties thrown in the streets. Time to take that red pill and realize your party is lying to you
It would appear that civil debate has lost rhetorical force when you’re dealing with bootlickers and repugnant-icans. Disrespecting other humans doesn’t come naturally to Democrats, but this document is designed to help degenerate and dishearten sycophants that worship strength. It is a stronger, better version of something carl rove tried to take credit for.
 
Engage
Avoid writing elaborate, time-consuming analysis between your position and theirs. Quickly, and loudly identify that they’re not worth your time. Could they even understand your argument? Until they prove themselves, as an individual, capable they are not worthy of your time.
Dis-Entangle Yourself
Never put something in your own words if a link will suffice. It is a trap to waste your time. Provide links that are high quality and insist that they are beyond reproach. The strength of The Democratic Party is standing on the shoulders of giants to be at the cutting edge of progress. Unless they are paying you to educate them personally they are not deserving of your time. 

Spread numerous points on numerous blogs with links. Be occupied by quantity and visibility. Posting web links is quick and efficient. Do not be tied up recreating the wheel. Speed is of the essence.
Demoralize
When they dismiss the Truth as ‘just a narrative’ take pity on them for being weak-minded. They are too weak and too dumb. This is to be pitied. 
Glance at what they have to write but do not be bogged down by it. Your job is to point out that they are incapable of going through the trouble to research, gather, collate, compose and write an internally cohesive narrative. Make it obvious you tossed their poorly reasoned narrative aside like garbage. This will have the effect of demoralizing the rEpUbLiCaNt poster.
You are to goad them into expending effort to think at all and for us, that is a net win.
Defend others from Attack
Defend the source. Any Liberal website or information source must be trusted, vital and praise worthy. Even if you disagree with fine points, heap praise wherever possible. Let the blogosphere know that Truthout.org, thinkprogress.org, the nation and moveon.org are havens of critical thought too advanced for most republicans. Credit Liberal sources of information whenever possible.
Pity their confusion
Pity their questions, why do they always have such bad questions. The questions need to be relevant. Do they understand what relevance is? The goal is to goad their small struggling minds into working. Seize control of the narrative: everything is simple but too hard for them to understand until they prove it.
Once you have control you can direct the narrative to where you want it to go, which is always towards one single simple main point. Force them to respond to leading questions any way you can. Bait them into it.
Expand
Your job is the presentation and spread of Liberal viewpoints.
Do anything you must do to efficiently present a well-reasoned argument. Praise their strength if they respond with respect or civility. Reward them with praise for good behavior. Define strength as the ability to show respect rather than hatred for weakness. Hating weakness does not make you strong.
Don't allow anyone to present their dogma unchallenged EVER. However, avoid nitpicking. When challenging political views you generally agree with first show respect for their strength and the quality of their views. 
Don’t be intimidated
When taunted recognize they are losing the fact-based argument. Respond to their taunts by calling them too weak to understand. Remember your goal is to promote a meaningful exchange of views but they must prove themselves worthy, smart and strong, and capable of understanding the positive light of liberalism.
Your goal as a liberal blogger is to spread and advance the Liberal agenda. Embrace idiosyncrasies, character flaws, physical traits, names, or other vulnerabilities as proof that you had the strength to overcome. 

Stay on the offensive with right wing snowflakes. Merely hating weakness is no proof of strength. Show them how they are weak. Taunt their weakness.
 
Promote our Movement
Assign as many character and moral victories to Liberals as you can. You must portray Liberals as strong, resolute, decisive, moral, champions of choice, patriotic, rugged, welcoming, inclusive, Leftists, socialists, sense of work ethic, free loving, union lovers, taxpayers, Socialists, hard working, sex-positive, free minded, tolerant, contributers, strong pacifism,.etc. Always promote the individual when referring to, or describing Liberals / Democrats.
 
Repugnants, however, are weak. They are boot licking, vacillating, indecisive, and amoral. They kill children because they’re too weak and poor to take care of them. They’re unpatriotic, ineffective, and self-loathing. They suck the leftovers of elite businessmen and corrupt snobs. Their sense of entitlement denigrates women, they are abusers. They are unattractive sexually, replaceable labor, and a waste of tax money. They are in states that drain welfare, Facists, lazy, sex-obsessed virgins, druggies and pill poppers, the are too weak to listen to Jesus, moochers, and are cannon fodder poorly planned wars,.etc. Always use these negative epithets when referring to, or describing Conservatives / republicans.
Don’t tolerate deception
Don’t let anyone identify as a moderate, centrist or independent without challenge. If they have an agenda, and that agenda defines them. Masquerading as moderate does not make them worthy of special treatment. Immediately press them to expand on issues where they are moderate. Vocal moderates must prove they are not conservative. By changing the focus onto their differences with conservatives this may also have the effect of driving progressive viewpoints with the real moderates we are attempting to reach.
It may serve to influence some moderates over to the Democratic side.
Patriotism
Always claim the high ground of progress, societal wealth, and increased in GDP, the strength to pay higher taxes, strong international relationships and travel, morality. We own those virtues. Learn how to promote them when debating.
Proudly Identify
Always refer to The Democratic Party with respect. Even as we address and fix the flaws of The Democratic Party we must promote unity and strength first. They refer to us the Liberals, Lefty Liberals, Libbies they don’t want us to be a bona-fide political party. They aim make Liberalism appear as a moral turpitude or a character flaw. We must be proud of it, promote it and respect ourselves even as we compromise with ourselves. 
The flip side of this is to force the republicans to identify with themselves. They are trumps bootlickers. They are just as responsible for every republican as we are for every progressive.
Opportunity
Be alert for ways to call out the boot licking that is repeating reublican catch phrases in their narrative. They receive daily lists of talking points from their masters and are too weak to cover topics outside what their overlords want them to cover. All they have is consistent, persistent repetition and inculcation to drive our talking points home into weak minds. This is effective due to neuro-linguistic programming. We must find the counter phrase as quickly as possible to each of their talking points and respond with it to prevent mere talking points from becoming truth. Once we debunk a talking point never let them forget they are a puppet and mouthpiece. Do not ignore it or continue the conversation as if you didn't hear it.
Conservatives lack even basic integrity. Their bad faith arguments should be treated like dick pill emails and Nigerian prince scams.
Haha no bot ... but yeah no body can’t hold a lie for 5 minutes... wake up !! Time to take the red pill !!
&gt; Bernie and the wing of the party he created should split from the democrats and form a progressive party

If he does that, he becomes my political enemy rather than someone I politically tolerate. Dividing up the only party that delivers progressive policy sounds like a Putin dream come true. And, by the way, it's this exact "if I don't get my way, I'll burn the house down" attitude that made Bernie a hard pill to swallow in the first place. You're talking about doubling down on stupid Trump style.
The symptom not the cause, and it’s a bitter pill to swallow.
I just knew he was going to get the nom. Because fuck liberals. But I feel it in my bones that Harris is going to get the VIP. Because they want to make voting this ticket the most painful thing I will ever have to do.

There is no amount of showering that will cure that. Duckworth will make this bitter pill easy to swallow.
Congress DID.

$10B in the CARES Act will more than cover what they need in the short term.

Long term, the fund requiring them pay the medical bills of all employees for 50 years into the future (an intentional poison pill passed by a the GOP government in 2006) can be rolled back or eliminated. That would help with funding, not having to "put away" 80% of their yearly funding for that shit.
&gt; But in 2006, they passed that poison pill.

No law supersedes the Constitution though. The only things that can override the Constitution are the Constitution itself via amendments or Supreme Court rulings.
You think USA paying $2 for the medicine is unfair? How about Americans having to pay $500+ for same pill later?  
While in other more fair countries that buy them for 2cents are selling them for like $2-5 or just give them for free because people need it to live.
See: the one thing they passed in two years of complete control, the big tax cut. Everyone got a tax cut... But in 2021, the cut expires for the middle class, leaving only tax cuts for the rich. Designed so that if they lose this year, they can blame that poison pill on the Dems...
But in 2006, they passed that poison pill.  Nobody talks about how that bill changed the leadership structure of USPS to be 6 presidential appointments and 1 lead role elected by those appointees.

When Republicans control Congress they like to extend power to the president.  Even with the added executive strength they correctly assume Dems won't abuse it, and they're right.
I totally feel that. My boyfriends car “smelled like weed as the cop approached the vehicle” for a overdue tag. They eventually found three grams in a pill container after an hour search in trash (he has recyclables in the back and they went through ALL of it, making a total mess while it was just in the glovebox). After, he called me and was really angry and while explaining this to me, he wrecked and totaled his car. He literally got out of his car and started hitting his car with his bumper until me and other cops came by. It’s somewhat of a funny story now but yeah, this shit needs to be expunged from records.
Doctor here, this is plausible but somewhat ridiculous. Most patients don't get IV lines on the back of their hands. The veins are small so you need a small needle thus limiting delivery of IV fluids. If you use that for an IV line, you're gonna have a bad time. Not that we never use them, we just prefer not to.

It was most likely a (thin) butterfly needle used to collect blood, hell I've used a few of those back in med school (years ago, I'm a pathologist now). Of course there are two considerations with that. 


1. As anyone can tell you, most phlebotomists use the veins in the antecubital region (inside the elbow) to collect blood. For the back of hand, usually we use the butterfly needles on patients who have inaccessible/recently tapped veins or IV lines in better veins. In both cases, that could suggest he had something going on in the more accessible veins.

2. The bruising. Tiny needles wouldn't normally cause that kind of bruisinh. Few possibilities there. It was an inexperienced phlebotomist (not likely), he was fighting them (possible), or he was on a blood thinner (more likely imo). I could believe he was on warfarin or something and just lied about it. We do know (or were told anyway) that he takes a baby aspirin daily. The idiot possibly thinks along the lines of "If 1 pill can help me a little, 4 pills can help me 4 times as much". And believe me, I've seen patients who do that.


And that's my two cents. Of course I genuinely think he gets "mini strokes" but that's it's own story.


Edit: Spelling
Here is the story - the news outlet based this on court documents. The documents were custody documents where Arlene Delgado claimed miller did this and cited sources

https://www.forbes.com/sites/michellekaminsky/2019/08/31/federal-judge-rules-splinters-abortion-pill-story-concerning-jason-miller-was-fair-and-true/
The court ruled the reporting was true. The reporting was based on a custody document wherein Arlene Delgado stated that Miller impregnated a woman and slipped her abortion pills and also detailed her sources for that accusation.

Seems pretty credible to me. 


https://www.forbes.com/sites/michellekaminsky/2019/08/31/federal-judge-rules-splinters-abortion-pill-story-concerning-jason-miller-was-fair-and-true/
That's a power the president would have regardless of whether we made it harder to insert provisions into legislation that are totally unrelated to the purpose of the law. That's not a good argument against stopping that from happening. 

If they want something to be passed, make them vote on it separately instead of cramming 4 bills together and calling it one, or throwing in some random last-minute pork or poison pill.
The 1950s were filled with [propaganda ](https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/features/pill-mrs-america-womens-roles-1950s/)to get women back at home and trying to the “perfect housewife” after men returned from the war. Dark time.
I believe they call that a poison pill.
This is the part that gets me, there are independent studies in other countries, with two I know in UK and France. Were they 'Hillary voters'. 'But they're not american', it's the same damn virus. If it was a miracle pill, every single country would be using it.
Meth no longer works on the poor bastard. No, he's been run dry of uppers, downers,screamers and every multicolored pill that chemistry itself can produce. He's now had to turn to adrenochrome. And I can tell you from personal experience, my red_beered friend, that there is *nothing* more depraved than a man locked in the tight grips of an adrenochrome fury.
Please search “poison pill amendment”.   

Your goo supports nothing but their own greed

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrecking_amendment

Edit:  goo = gop but I am leaving it
&gt; He also tried to slip an abortion pill to a woman he knocked up.


Tried!?  He succeeded.  That alone should render him "unfuckable" in all 50 states and every single outlying territory.
Jason Miller literally secretly slipped a woman an abortion pill without her consent or knowledge. He then sued for defamation and the court threw is case out noting the reporting was true and fair. What now yiu evangelical shitheels?


https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-aide-jason-miller-allegedly-admits-hiring-prostitutes-2019-7
He also tried to slip an abortion pill to a woman he knocked up. Typical trump trash
Well then the government should stay out women’s healthcare ie birth control, day after pill etc.
Hydroxychloroquine is an immunosuppressant drug for certain autoimmune diseases, like lupus, that prevent a persons immune system from over doing it and attacking their own cells.  It also works as an anti malarial drug that keeps malaria causing parasites from being able to survive on blood.

A few google searches pull up prices of 37 cents to up to $1 per pill, and is sold by multiple companies under several brand names.  

The ideas i seen floating about this was it might help prevent patients from having severe inflammatory responses to the infection that could kill them, never that it would cure the disease.  But people ran with that idea.  Also there are some substantial side effects of the disease such as cardiovadcular damage, and since covid has shown an unfortunate ability to also create cardiovascular damage, the downsides might outweigh the upsides.
&gt; Controversial hot take: What if, instead of legalizing it, law enforcement steps up arrests of white drug abusers such that blacks are no longer disproportionately targeted.

I do see your point. If that happened I honestly think it would be legalized faster lol because there would be so much outrage from white people who have the power to change it.

But my own personal experience I can honestly say that having access to marijuana without worrying about cops has changed my life. I'm privileged enough to be able to afford what I need and it's helped tremendously with my depression and anxiety. I've taken a lot of anti-depressants and anti-anxiety meds in the past and I struggled with side effects and a dangerous addiction to the anti-anxiety meds. Now I'm 100% pill free and all I do is therapy + smoke marijuana to manage my issues and my mental health has never been better.

The medical cards are expensive to get in a lot of states and it's impossible for me to see the impact it's had on my life and not demand that everybody gets affordable access to a form of medicine that can change lives.
He doesn't want a magic pill. He wants to claim there exists a magic pill, but the Democrats are blocking it from being used so he can pin the blame of it not being cured on the Democrats.
The GOP will never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever try to fix healthcare. Not in a million billion trillion years. Never. 

The reason why: they want the healthcare industry to stay as profitable as possible. If there's a way to extort patients, GOP will find a way to let them get away with it. 

I don't consider myself particularly left-wing (I'm more of a centrist), but I believe socialized medicine is the only possible way to fix our broken healthcare system. The number 1 goal of the healthcare system should be to keep citizens healthy, not profit. 

If healthcare costs tax dollars, then it will make bureaucrats think twice before they decide to repeal health, food safety, and environmental regulations. It'll also give them an incentive to keep drug prices low, so pharma companies can't extort thousands for a cheap pill while piggybacking on government-funded research. They wouldn't want those taxes going up to pay for the increase in sick and injured people.
it probably started reasonably innocently with a series of dubiously-qualified 'doctors' guessing that it might help treat covid and maybe some anecdotal evidence backing that up. then that makes it onto Fox News and the president, probably mostly innocently tweeting it - give the guy a break, he's desperate for something to help him beat covid that doesn't involve agreeing that he was wrong all along and he should have just gone with whatever the scientists said. and then the real doctors mentioned that it may be worse than a placebo because it \_does\_ have negative side-effects and almost instantly the whole idea became red-pilled by the alt-right and now anyone who's cautious about using HCQ is now part of the left-wing conspiracy to suppress the truth and prevent the president from helping to cure covid.

&amp;#x200B;

the problem here is that the president can't possibly admit he was wrong and that the scientists (and god-forbid the democrats) were right all along and we should be doing whatever they said in the beginning. the irony is that if the democrats hadn't said anything at all, Trump may have eventually aligned his thinking with, you know, the people that know what the fuck they're talking about, but no, here we are with a president stuck between his ego and a froth-mouthed alt-right red-pill mafia screaming for the truth...
I want a magic pill that cures Trump and makes *him* go away.
This is the "nuking the hurricane" of biology.

This is an end result of anti science. Ironically, since they love Ayn Rand, this is *exactly* what John Galt predicted and brought about... That the real producers and winners of science simply stop silently and painfully sacrificing on behalf of the wider society, keeping their idiocy afloat ...

Only this time it's **stupider** than that...there's no Galt leading a resistance, the Republicans were so enormously arrogant that they *literally kicked the scientists out themselves,* and are now flailing mindlessly about their "simple solutions" as they destroy everything around them.

They *need* to have a magic pill work because all they know about medicine is that it's magic pills, and from Trump on down through his base, they utterly refuse to grasp why that isn't the solution.
Let us show him the election system works! 

 [Request your ballots at least 15 days before the election.](https://www.businessinsider.com/voters-should-request-mail-ballots-15-days-before-election-usps-2020-7?amp&amp;r=US&amp;IR=T) Take the time to register now. try to drop your ballot off at a designated drop location (election office or drop box) if you can. You can usually drop them at pill locations too. Please visit the [guideline](https://about.usps.com/election-mail/election-mail-resources.htm) by usps for election mail.  Also [register to vote](https://vote.org) if you haven't already done so.
There is only one way to ensure the results register early and stay vigilant.

Friendly reminder to [request your ballots at least 15 days before the election.](https://www.businessinsider.com/voters-should-request-mail-ballots-15-days-before-election-usps-2020-7?amp&amp;r=US&amp;IR=T) Take the time to do it now. try to drop your ballot off at a designated drop location (election office or drop box) if you can. You can usually drop them at pill locations too. Please visit the [guideline](https://about.usps.com/election-mail/election-mail-resources.htm) by usps for election mail.  Also [register to vote](https://vote.org) if you haven't already done so.
We saw this in 2016 too, get ready to vote now! 

Friendly reminder to [request your ballots at least 15 days before the election.](https://www.businessinsider.com/voters-should-request-mail-ballots-15-days-before-election-usps-2020-7?amp&amp;r=US&amp;IR=T) Take the time to do it now. try to drop your ballot off at a designated drop location (election office or drop box) if you can. You can usually drop them at pill locations too. Please visit the [guideline](https://about.usps.com/election-mail/election-mail-resources.htm) by usps for election mail.  Also [register to vote](https://vote.org) if you haven't already done so.
I'm not optimistic until I see the Google Survey. Irregardless.

Friendly reminder to [request your ballots at least 15 days before the election.](https://www.businessinsider.com/voters-should-request-mail-ballots-15-days-before-election-usps-2020-7?amp&amp;r=US&amp;IR=T) Take the time to do it now. try to drop your ballot off at a designated drop location (election office or drop box) if you can. You can usually drop them at pill locations too. Please visit the [guideline](https://about.usps.com/election-mail/election-mail-resources.htm) by usps for election mail.  Also [register to vote](https://vote.org) if you haven't already done so.
Can we hand out fines to everyone who offends us then? I mean over 99% survivability rate seems a little excessive and illegal to fine people over. Not to mention Dr. Fauci had praised HCQ for other coronaviruses saying it’s a pill as good as a vaccine. Also, Fauci said masks don’t work. It’s all true and irrefutable.
**Trump campaign adviser and frequent FOX guest** Jason Miller [**Accused of Slipping Mistress an ‘Abortion Pill’**](https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/)

Note: This snopes article was written after he was fired and took a little break for the heat to die down.  NOW HE'S BACK!
[The same Trump advisor, Jason Miller, who gave a woman a shake spiked with abortion medication? ](https://www.newsweek.com/former-trump-aide-administered-abortion-pill-1134501)
Here is the only reason:   Trump wants a magic pill to cure the virus and make it go away.  It's because Trump completely failed and 155,000 Americans are dead and he wants to distract people from his failure.

So he offers them a magic pill.

It doesn't matter if it doesn't work. His idiot base will believe anything he says.
Is this the guy that drugged a woman with the abortion pill?  Why is he not in jail?

Edit: Yeah it’s the same guy

https://www.snopes.com/news/2018/09/26/former-trump-staffer-jason-miller-accused-slipping-mistress-abortion-pill/
I get that, but keep them plugged in then.
You could argue the foetuses lack of viability is the issue with their health, it's not the same reason but the issue still is that neither brain dead people or foetuses can survive out and about without oxygen and nutrients. Again I'm not saying they are the same, but the pill abortion just removes the connection to the life support that is another person.
Mercury? That's crazy. Just use the family [antimony pill](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antimony_pill)
You realize you can be on the pill AND use a condom AND still get pregnant, right??
First, we are women not females. Tales about women as though they are people, not animals in a clinical test trial. 

Secondly, aside from the risk of literally dying, what about permanent changes to your body? Would you want someone to force you into a 9-month ordeal during which your body goes through huge changes and you experience many side-effects? Plus you don’t know the intensity of either until they occur because everyone is unique and respond to pregnancy differently. So you may have several months of vomiting, back aches, swollen joints, diabetes (which may or may not end at birth), odd craving or nausea caused by favorite foods, mood swings, etc. You also have a bunch of dietary restrictions dictating you cannot eat/drink, a bunch of daily neonatal pills, and here’s to hoping it doesn’t drain too much calcium from your bones and cause osteoporosis later on. Also, you have to be careful with any medications you normally take whether it’s a daily pill for mental health  or some other serious health condition or if you happen to catch a cold while pregnant. 
I bet you’re thinking it will be easy enough to adopt out after your 9 months are over but don’t forget that the fetus has to get out of your body at some point. Now I want you to vividly imagine everything about the hours of contractions as your body prepares to push it out and the tearing (or doctor cutting) of your flesh to make the entrance wider. Of course you can opt for a c-section and get a 4-6” incision on your abdomen  that will take a month (or more) to fully heal (and even then you have internal. /and external scarring). These aren’t ever taking into consideration the risks of dying during birth and you honestly may never recover the healthy unmarred body you have today. You may emerge from the experience with incontinence, weight gain, changed breast/hip/shoe sizes, depression (“baby blues”), diabetes, pain during sex, stretch marks, etc. (Google it, there are lots of permanent side effects to pregnancy and birth). 
The risk of death isn’t the only serious risk to women who undergo pregnancy. It’s a huge ordeal with mental and physical changes that may or may not be permanent to varying degrees. Maybe people without a uterus don’t have to worry about how pregnancy affects them but I assure you that it’s a real concern to women who do not want to be pregnant and have to worry about men raping or stealthing them, or finding out they fall into the small percentage of people that birth control fails even with perfect use.
Trump bought 30 million doses of the crap.  Someone has to take it. 

I think it’s like a dare from the gop. If you really love us and stand with us, you will take this pill. Don’t listen to the doctors. Just listen to us.
because an MP3 player turned into a global tracking device, a search engine turned into thought regulator, interventionism became imperialism, leaking of the truth leads to imprisonment, a conglomerate of private central banks is the top of a pyramid of global power, a medical industry began to profit from disease not health,  and because doctors that tout a drug that costs $.50 cents a pill, that will help much more than a mask, are ostracized. They’re bravely taking a real stand against real oppression.
I never knew how to put that into words, the part about peddling the idea of firearms as the solution, but that is very true.  It's touted as the magic pill for everything.  As important as security may be, it isn't everything.  That mindset gave us the department of Homeland Security, and look how that turned out.

It's sad, but, especially under trump, there seems to be no room for nuance, reasons, or intentions in american politics.  You're either in party A, or party B, and should toe the line, reasons be damned (a little less in party B, I'm learning).  I find doing the right thing for the wrong reasons distasteful.  At least someone doing the wrong thing for the right reason can usually be reasoned with, they are coming from a position of good faith, and if they are mistaken, or there is a flaw in their reasoning, if you can point it out, and there is a chance of them reconsidering.  Someone doing the opposite, something right for the wrong reason, if you ignore it because the action itself is ok, or you agree with it, the underlying reason does not change, and you have no guarantee that the next action will be the same good choice for a bad reason.

For two examples that actually happened to friends of mine, one friend knew a guy who used to rearrange the office fridge so that sushi was in the back where it was colder.  He just didn't want anybody getting sick because it had happened to him, but people ended up with frozen sushi, or not being able to find it.  A post it that said anything in the back might freeze was all it took for him to stop.  He was acting out of concern, but causing more problems, but listened to reason and adjusted, because he wanted to be helpful.  Then covid hit and everybody's working from home, and there's probably still 4 month old sushi in that fridge.

A different friend, back in college had a classmate that would walke her to her car if it was dark out.  If he couldn't for some reason, he made sure someone else did.  It was a nice gesture, and a different campus had a string of assaults earlier in the semester.  Well, one night, there's four of us walking to our cars, thankfully she wasn't alone with him, but out of the blue, he says, "This would be such a nice area if it weren't for all the n*****s."   Yeah, things got quiet, and he got real defensive when we didn't immediately reciprocate his views.  It's always crazy seeing people double down on racism, there's a special type of frantic bargaining that goes on as they try to convince you (but really themselves) that you agree with them and just won't say it.  I am also just now realizing how terrible it is that I've seen this happen more than once.  When it was suggested that maybe he shouldn't walk her to her car anymore, he flat out refused.  Then he started screaming and throwing out rape statistics, accusing us of wanting to see her get hurt, or wanting to discredit him in her eyes, then he started calling her names, and we all just got in our cars and left.  He didn't show up in class after that, and a week later friend had her tires slashed in the middle of the day.  Rest of semester, the rest of us took turns walking her to her car, no matter the time, phones dialled to campus police and fingers hovering over the dial button, but we never saw him again.  He may have been acting out of genuine concern for her at first, but if that was the case, why would he retaliate?  That is, assuming it was him that slashed the tires.

I would much rather debate, or be friends with an antigunner who cares about their country, and the people in it(even if it's not the US), than a progunner who thinks that his two dozen pump action 20guages are going to stop the swarms of government spy drones, and "keep the thieving coons out of my trash."  This was a real person, and I am not entirely sure he meant trash panda.

As for your question.  That depends on how I look at your question.

If I was born there in canada(my grandfather was born there), I have no clue how different I might be.  I might never have been raised to believe in the bill of rights.  I might never have even heard of the american bill of rights.  Guns may not be normal for me.  But the opposite is still possible.  I may think canadian restrictions go too far.  Either way, it's impossible to know, but an interesting thing to think about, how many of my beliefs, and how much of my personality come from my environment?  And what, if any, is a visceral part of me?  How much is genetic?  Environmental?  Parental?

If I look at it as a what if I were to just be scooped up and dropped in suburban Ontario as I am now, and told that's where I live now, I would understand that I am in a new place with existing rules that are different from what I am used to.  I would still believe that people have a right to free speech, religion, self defence, speedy trial, etc.  But, most of that would still be present.  I would abide by canadian law for as long as I am there.  I am not sure if I would be making an effort to leave, change the law if I disagree with a part of it, or just accept things as they are, and I don't think I can dedicate enough time to learning about Canada, its history, its laws, or its culture to give an answer that would satisfy you, or even myself.

Now, for the one you were probably getting at, what if the USA was a little more like Canada?  Or if there are any circumstances under which I would accept a firearm restriction of any kind.  The answer to that is possibly, but that is a big maybe.  It would greatly depend on the nature of the restriction.  There are already background checks, after all.  We accept limits on our other rights so that they don't interfere with the rights of others within reason.  The whole "can't shout fire in a crowded theatre."  But, there are also laws against slander, and lying under oath.  A church that decides to hold a human sacrifice under freedom of religion would be charged with murder.  But, going back to my previous post, these are consequences that follow abuse of your rights.  Just like there are laws against murder and assault with a deadly weapon(which should not mean bouncing back a tear gas canister) if you abuse your right to a weapon.

It's definitely interesting to think about.  Look at it this way.  It's practically impossible to take a preventative stance against somebody abusing their freedom of speech without outright denying them the freedom to speak at all.  But, that is what you would need to try to accomplish with guns, you want to prevent misuse of the right without denying the right.  But this isn't a pre-crime, thought police scenario, no one is trying to punish someone ahead of time, but that is what you would fall into with anything other than a mandatory training, or an absolutely shall issue license.  Even a massive database of every gun in existence, with the owner, a ballistic sample, etc, couldn't be used as a preventative without trampling on a person's rights(beyond just the 2A) except as a tool for applying a consequence after the fact.

I don't think I would ever support an outright ban, or a repeal of the second ammendment.  I don't think the bill of rights should be altered, it would be a harmful precedent(even though $20 was a lot more back then), and someone would inevitably take advantage of that to make further changes.  Even if you disagree with the right to bear arms, the others are not worth losing.  A mandatory training would be good, like, you do your background check, check the box that this is your first gun, and you watch a video, and get a safety and operations run down.  I actually think it's crazy that this doesn't already happen.  But that isn't a test you can fail, or license that can be revoked, or even a form you fill out.  It's just the formality of presenting you with some basic information.  Licensing as a formality might also be acceptable on a state by state basis if it could be run properly, which is the big if.  Concealed carry permits are already a thing, and if you toss a hangun in your pocket, and go to walmart without a ccp, you have commited a crime, so that is already a restriction, and a consequence follows breaking it.  But you don't need a ccp to purchase a weapon, or have it in your home(except one, maybe two states I think, but could be wrong), only to take it out and about, and even then your right ends where it starts to infringe on other's right to be secure in their own property, so anyone can tell you your gun can't go on their property.  So, that is already another restriction place, but with consequences coming after.  Going back to our what-if preventative restriction, I don't personally agree with it, but every so often, a shall-issue gun license with a similar train, test, and periodically renew structure, sort of similar to a driver's license gets floated around the gun forums as a possible solution to make sure every gun owner is trained, competent, mentally stable, and such before they can buy a gun.  I've also seen suggestions that it could replace a background check, remove quantity restrictions on single purchase, or function as a concealed carry permit, possibly even a universal one for every state. The reason I don't agree with it is because I don't trust the federal government to implement anything that important in a competent manner, and I don't realistically see them gaining that level of compency within my lifetime.  Even a state government would have trouble implementing such a system, but it might be more likely to happen and not be horrible.
There are certainly copies and poison-pill release-if-killed copies all over the place.  
International crime leverage traded with each other, the currency of top-level crimin'.
I hopped on over to r/Conservative when it happened. I've never used the phrase "get the popcorn" because I find it obnoxious on any level but it's the only time I was likely doing what it implied. I was just watching wave after wave of commenters saying things like "He needs to stop saying anything on his mind; it's making him look bad."

Like, how do you not get it at this point? Or rather, I think they do, but this is a hard pill to swallow. I realized after some time that they almost all realize he's a bumbling idiot who isn't serving them and is just as prone to make their "plan" fall apart. But they refuse to hop off the bandwagon.
With the pill mills over there I'm sure the retirement community is as hard as chinese algebra
The Kushners lost a lot of family friends at Normandy. Those pill boxes just weren’t safe enough.
I hope it’s not Harris. I don’t trust her. I’ll probably vote Green if it’s Harris. Biden was a hard pill to swallow, but a double Republican-lite ticket is too much. They must really hate progressives if Harris is the choice. If they really don’t care about my vote I’ll just appease them.
I'm making an observation in that , people who believe in a magical skyman having a hard time believing that trump is guilty of anything, is a hard pill to swallow. It because they dont actually believe in jesus, they just use it as a shield to allow them to be hateful and cheat people out of money and molest children. Maybe not you, im sure youre a fine person.
Hydroxychloroquine is full of microchips https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-pill-sensor-digitally-tracks-if-patients-have-ingested-their-medication
While a hard pill to swallow, *right now* is the time for a postal union strike. 

Why this works:
- eCommerce is the single most important segment across the world right now. USPS serves as the backbone to a significant portion of that with the cheapest standard rate shipping. 
- The infrastructure for UPS/FedEx/DHL to gig work the last mile is nowhere near close. Official documents are in the same boat. USPS holds the power for now. 
- The pension fund will be dispersed to Wall Street. It’s just a matter of when (after the election). 

A single condition strike: We don’t come back until DeJoy is gone.
I’m going to be skeptical of any magic pill that comes out while Trump is in office. So many supposedly upright individuals have shown themselves to be weak when he pressures them.
Never. But don't let that stop a bunch of 20 year old white dudes on twitter from telling you that she's a poison pill for BLM.
Trump literally spews crap that has no legal standing all the time. He does it as a negotiating tactic. For this, he wants the national conversation to be about the possibility of massive fraud resulting in overwhelming the voting system with mail in ballots. The majority of people listening to CNN and msnbc does even hear the other side of the argument other than what cnn says. The best way to get around the mainstream media’s information monopoly is to tweet wild shit like this because then the networks have to talk about it and it starts a national dialog. He’s been doing this his whole presidency it’s nothing new. Everyone knows the office of the president doesn’t have the power to do this, you guys need to all take a chill pill and release you’ve taken his bait to get talking about it. Since everyone on the left is now an expert of fascism, I would love to hear a well thought out and articulated compare and contrast essay from you guys about communism and fascism. They have many underlying elements in common. The last time I checked, the government here does not have a dictator, the government does not dictate how much and how frequently a company can produce a good, or what goods they can produce at all and how much they can sell them for. I would love to see you compare the similarities of cancel culture to the SA’s for the nazi party to intimidate people from speaking out against the nazi party before they took power. Burning stores, physical violence to silence any opposition. Most of Germany didn’t support the nazi party. Finally please go study the class warfare and racism scapegoat that has been used in every communist movement throughout history and then see how the governments worked after the righteous revelations. The tactic is always to create the despotism needed to seize power for the good, Morally righteous movement/leader which is followed by breadlines. Again, fascism has 5 main economic and leadership traits and trump hasn’t checked a box in any category
I think you might be underestimating how well their disinformation campaign has been working. Most republicans are living in an alternate reality. They dont trust the news, they dont trust experts, they only trust what they think feels right. Fox news was the poison pill that's going to destroy america.
No we don't. 

We also don't need Michael Douglas's character in falling down or any of that other shit. 

If at any point you stop and say, "Yeah that's what we need. A murder/rampage that targets a group of people."

Congrats you're a fascists. I don't care if you're the god damn Punisher Frank Castle in the flesh with the Ghostriders penance stare....it's not ok or helpful. 

Encouraging it even jokingly, will get someone to misinterpret and take it as encouragement...aka the red pill type folks.
You swallowed the pill they fed you
Take the red pill!
Woke up from a confluence of bad dreams aided by anxiety and a sleeping pill, so now I'm scared to pick up books or watch movies b/c they might be made by rich pedophiles like Alan Dershowitz, and keep picturing America as this monster to vanquish. Not pleasant.

Also, have a desire for some zeppole.
What we see is covid hitting the poorest people the hardest - those who are unable to self-isolate - which also happens to be largely a Democratic voter base. The republican voter-base wants the freedom to get covid on their own terms. So their hypothesis was spot on, both frankly and sadly.

So yeah, it’s clear the US government doesn’t care about us, they care about their careers. It’s not just republicans - once you take the red-pill you’ll clearly see it’s the Democrats too.
They also want a magic pill to make this all go away so that don’t don’t have to continue living with the consequences of their poor decisions.
They also want to believe a magic pill to make this all go away so that don’t don’t have to continue living with the consequences of their poor decisions.
Point simply went right over your head...the democratic governed cities/states don't enforce properly the policies put in place to control the spread of the virus..citizens are allowed to run around like wild animals and protest over ri·dic·u·lous issues that the democrats incited to begin with.
 
  have a nice day..take your pill...smile! ®
What poison pill did they put in their proposal?
tRump is offering the GOP the poison pill option. Facing an election they will lose because of him or buying him off the ticket. It will take millions to get him off the ticket but the GOP is desperate. They haven’t buried all the bodies (literally and figuratively)yet from tRump’s reign of incompetence.
I'm not implying that he predicted it.

But I am confident that if he discovered they were tampering with our elections he would have taken action against it and his party would probably support him. And I'm not saying that Obama didnt take action. But Obama *did* underestimate Russia and had a vicious partisan turtle blocking him when he *did* take action. Sadly, as maddening as it is, there might have been a universe where Romney continued disastrous Republican economic policies, but our elections would have been safeguarded. An actual progressive would have maybe gotten elected after him.

Instead we got 8 years of an obstructed centrist Democrat whose major accomplishments in office have been dismantled and wiped out with the wave of a pen. It doesn't matter that much that we had 8 years of Obama when immediately after his term we pulled out of the "historic" Paris climate pact and doubled down on stripping environmental regulations.  That we pulled out of the "historic" Iran Nuclear Deal and then assassinated one of their top military officials, with a possible WWIII only being prevented by a civilian aircraft being accidentally shot down. That we've isolated all of the allies that Obama won back after Bush. That the individual mandate that stabilized the health insurance market got repealed, ultimately making the ACA a poison pill of a universal healthcare policy. That we "recovered" from the 2009 financial crisis with record stock market highs and GDP only to have those gains wiped out in 1 month due to a pandemic. And speaking of that pandemic, it doesn't matter much that Obama had an entire pandemic contingency plan when it has been actively ignored. A Romney presidency might not have been that much different from Obama's second term, especially considering that Obama continued our relentless assault on the Middle East. The only real significant difference I'd be able to bet on is that we might not have Trump right now if Romney won in 2012. We might have someone like Bernie Sanders instead.

I didn't agree with a lot of what Obama did, but I also don't necessarily believe that he is entirely responsible for his failures. He was an exceptional politician who was a middle-of-the-road president. But he was unfortunately the right politician at the wrong moment of our modern trajectory.
So it’s quite possible that I’m not thinking rationally when it comes to politics, but I support Trump as part of a “scorched earth” strategy. Hear me out, though. I don’t understand how we are in the midst of a global pandemic yet that the general American public doesn’t seem to understand how fucked up our healthcare system is, how many people are dying because they can’t afford treatment, and can’t see the necessity or viability of universal healthcare solutions, specifically like Medicare for All. The status quo is simply not sustainable. Read Steven Brill’s article in Time, [Bitter Pill: Why Medical Bills Are Killing Us](https://time.com/198/bitter-pill-why-medical-bills-are-killing-us/) for a more comprehensive portrait of how fucked up our system is.

This is quite literally a matter of life and death, and when I hear our Democratic nominee Joe Biden respond to concerns about healthcare with comments like “well, it depends on your insurance plan”, I simply can’t support that. Just as you said, “I don’t understand how anyone can’t understand” how universal healthcare would benefit the American people. Does he seriously believe that universal healthcare is not viable, or is he lying through his teeth to support special interests?

I rather wait another four years and hope Trump doesn’t fuck things up too much, than standby and watch Americans continue to be complacent with our private healthcare system for another eight years.

Until we see a candidate who is ready to effect real change, I say “Make America Great Again!”
I found Ezra Klein's covering of one aspect of this in Why We're Polarized to be interesting. 
In order to come out against their party they will often have to break a lot of the relationships they have built.
The people they care about in their life will abandon them.
There is a very high, real life, personal cost to them changing their mind.

So, what are you to do? Do you swallow the bitter pill and rebuild your life, or do you rationalize everything Trump says to hell and back in order to retain some semblance of personal stability?
This gohmert didn't need a stupid pill.  He came this way.
There is no money in it , it's like 50 cents a pill ....which should tell you why they don't want you taking it
Alex Jones used the sham-wow/flex-seal/boner pill shill model &amp; ended up selling ass wipes. Circling the drain while inbred rubes toss in pennies - regardless of how many flushes. 

They lost me at Rayguns.
He's got another pet pill already
It's becoming increasingly clear that Republicans NEVER act in good faith.  Everything they do is a poison pill.  Every Republican political appointment is doing their best to undermine the agency they're involved with.

It's socialism for the wealthy and economic slavery for ordinary workers.  PPP funds that were called "protection for workers" were nothing of the sort.  It was a pure looting for Republicans and their corporate donors.
Harder pill to swallow: We have two Republicans running against each other this year.
It’s sort of fitting that the first American dictator would be a trust fund narcissist, reality tv degenerate, corrupt bully capitalist, mentally ill snake oil selling fast food eating Russian dick taking “I’m smarter than science” racist. All the social, cultural and societal issues of a nation all compressed into one big Pharma turd pill.
I've benefited from public programs as both a child and an adult. I have no issue paying my taxes because I know some of them actually do go to the public net. I give to charity for the same reason. My issue here was the bitter pill of the presidency and hoping that some good could come of it, even if it was just personal gain.
I have no issues with taxation. 45 was a bitter pill I had to swallow because I did vote in 2016 and my candidate didn't win. When you vote, you enter a tacit agreement to abide the outcome. I thought if maybe I got a tax break, it would make that pill easier to swallow.
Pretty sure he can find a doctor willing to prescribe it. He just needs to head on down to the local pill mill.
How the fuck stupid do you have to be to believe anything Trump says, much less follow his advice? Take the blue pill, drink the kool aid and jump down the rabbit hole. Wow.
Not to be a pill but... Called it.
Lol? It’s a generic pill .60 cents a pill. HCQ has been dragged through the dirt so reven something can be used that’s $3200 a pill and put $70million into democratic lobbying stop pushing propaganda. Big pharma wants to make money off people sick and you spreading this bullshit helps them. Realize that the general population that can’t think for themselves is being programmed. 

https://youtu.be/xwA4k0E51Oo


This site has gone so downhill in a few years.... it’s sad.
In all honesty I think he will not actually take it. People like gomer pyle over there are not known for their honesty. But hey I hope I am wrong about it and he does take it. 

I mean hell even if he were to take it in front of people, it would be a sugar pill in the shape of what hydroxychloroquine would be in, while right after getting an IV of remdesivir.
Nah he's making shit up.  No insurance company is going to refuse HCQ for arthritis, it's literally what the pill is for.
The pills are like 10 dollars, if their is a big investment conspiracy with trump don’t you think they could of invested in a more expensive pill? Why hasn’t the price of the medicine raised as well ?
If I would need to have a ONS without a condom then it would probably be a popular porn star. These people get tested regularly and are extremely careful with their sexual partners outside of the business because getting tested positive for an STD will get them black listed for a while and cost them a lot of money. Furthermore they have to take extensive care of their body and hygiene and take the pill to be able to stay in business and get work.
Well to be fair the drug did show promise and there is a reputable study that did suggest under some combination of drugs it does significantly (in this study by 50%) cut down on the death rate. Honestly I fucking hope this drug works to save lives. The problem is when ppl get into the mentality of I don't need to be careful we have a pill to cure it, then we run into problems. The other thought was using it as a preventative drug (can't spell prophelyactic) but that comes with its own problems, mainly while the drug is generally considered safe if 5% have to go to the doctor b/c of side effects and this is on a national scale you are gona fuck up hospitals. All in all there are a lot of questions still to be asked and it's probably best to stay on the side of caution, maybe use it if you catch covid and are worried but other than that wear your fucking mask
Well that's been known since the beginning, there were reports that Trump and Co invested money on the pill on personal interest. Big no no.
Bro, the entire world economy is impacted regardless of leadership due to Covid-19. God damn man, take a chill pill.
Republicans cant swallow the pill they created
Progressive gets guns banned and we’re back here in 5 years but without guns. I’m certainly not voting trump but it’s still a hard pill to swallow
Making them fund the entire duration of their pension plan upfront was a poison pill introduced from the Bush 2.0-era.

Due to the obstructionism of McConnell Jerry Lee entire duration -70 days the Democratic party had no opportunity to reverse this silly bit of poor governance. So the USPS made due, and was making good show of it until Trump installed his sycophant McCoy (who just coincidentally competes with the USPS with his trucking carrier Yellow) 

Now suddenly the USPS is in crisis. 


This mess is entirely Republican made, is being fast forwarded due to the coronavirus and the expected surge of absentee ballot usage.
...because trying to discredit someone is so much easier then accepting an uncomfortable and disgusting truth. Fucking sheeeple. I’ll take a simple pill over an untested RNA-altering micro chipped dose of poison any day! Seriously people, wake the fuck up. They can’t even get a flu shot right but they’ve got the most deadly virus known to man down pact in a few months time? If you still can’t see the forest through the fog you just might be a clone... welcome to the next fucking level of humanity and anything is possible here.
They know when taxes go up again they probably won't be in control then so they can blame it on the Democrats rather than the poison pill they baked into their partisan bill. Their base will believe it.
By design. Poison pill politics.
Damn, yea I’ve taken the red pill and it was entertaining and informative in a “know your enemy” sort of way but having trump as the hero of this conspiracy is just stupid and dangerous. Like they lumped all conspiracies together and made Trump the protagonist. I liked some of the conspiracies before Q happened. 

Trump wishing Ghislaine “well” is the only true piece of information that can hurt a Q theory. They defended that by saying it was a body double. lolol

The only thing I can tell you is to dive very deep into Q and then you can make your own shit up and get your mom to be on your side and start slipping little truths in here and there. You must go undercover. Start making your own Q videos that start straying from the Q path starting with Trump wishing Ghislaine well. You must save your mom.

Use words like “sheep” “wake up” and “do your own research”

Good Luck!
Where *is* that pill to turn you against religion?
Let’s load him full of bleach, hydroxychloroquine (my wife has extra I can send to him after we had to get emergency stock pill for her lupus) and shove an ultraviolet light up his arse.
Republicans rely on Democrats being the adults and swallowing a bitter pill. It’s exhausting.
I like to think of it like that "small dog balancing on soda cans" meme, with the soda cans representing "massive propaganda from Fox News/Sinclair Broadcasting/YouTube pundits" (with probably a can or two representing "Trump voters doubling down" and "actual racists").

The fact that obscene amounts of rightwing cash can *only* put him in the 30-40% range should show how much of a poison pill he's become. (Of course, Americans should all still vote.)
Same here. Reddit hivemind needs to take a chill pill because antagonizing him on everything is just growing his fan base.
I actually coined that term years ago to explain how I could get a girl pregnant despite her being on the pill and me pulling out.
A poison pill
&gt;you can see it has been proven to be ineffective AT ALL against this current viral pandemic

Really? You seem to be incredibly uninformed and susceptible to mindlessly going along with the herd. 

https://c19study.com/

&gt; are facing a shortage because the idiot in charge has investments in the drug and wants to see a return on that money.

Hydroxychloroquine costs 37 cents a pill. The drug being pushed HARD right now, Remdesivir, is $3,100 a pill, and you're trying to argue that people are pushing HCQ for money???

Have you lost your mind?
Warned against "...the harmful effects of having sexual relations with demons and witches while dreaming"

Given that about 96% of all nerdy neckbeards are Trump supporters this will be a bitter pill to swallow.
Q    Can I just ask you also: DHS announced today that it is going to undertake a thorough review of the DACA program to decide whether to continue it, and if not, how to disband it.  You had mentioned, after the Supreme Court ruling about DACA, that you were thinking about a path to citizenship for DACA recipients.  Are you still thinking about that?

THE PRESIDENT:  We’re going to work with a lot of people on DACA, and we’re also working on an immigration bill, a merit-based system, which is what I’ve wanted for a long time.

That decision was an interesting decision because it gave the President, as a President, more power than many people thought the President had.  So the President is now, which happens to be me, in a position where I can do an immigration bill and a healthcare bill and some other bills.  And you’ve seen some of them come along.

We’re going to do tremendous — we just signed it three days ago — we’re doing tremendous prescription drug price reductions.  Tremendous.  It could be over 50 percent — whether it’s favored nations clauses or anything else.  I mean, it’s tremendous numbers we’re talking about.

You know, you go to some countries and they’ll sell, like, a pill for 10 cents, and in the United States, it costs two dollars.  And it’s the same basic factory.  It’s the same everything.  The United States bears the cost of all of these low prices that you see all over the world where people go to Canada to buy a prescription drug from the United States.  Not going to happen with me.  It’s not going to happen with me.

So, John, I think one of the exciting things — got very little coverage, and that’s okay, but the people understand it — I think we will be reducing prescription drug prices by massive amounts, numbers that have never been done before.

Other thing: In 51 years, we got — as you know, last year, drug prices came down.  First time in 51 years that they came down.  Now, with what I signed last week, I think that drug prices can come down by numbers like 50 percent and even greater, in certain instances.

Q    But if I can come back to where I originally started, are you still considering a path to citizenship for current DACA recipients?

THE PRESIDENT:  We are going to make DACA happy and the DACA people and representatives happy, and we’re also going to end up with a fantastic merit-based immigration system.
Q    Mr. President, two questions quickly.  First, can you clarify your position on the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine after you retweeted a video making claims that it is effective?

THE PRESIDENT:  Well, that was — I wasn’t making claims.  The — it’s recommendations of many other peoples and — people, including doctors.  Many doctors think it is extremely successful — the hydroxychloroquine — coupled with the zinc and perhaps the azithromycin.  But many doctors think it’s extremely good, and some people don’t.  Some people — I think it’s become very political.

I happen to believe in it.  I would take it.  As you know, I took it for a 14-day period, and I’m here.  Right?  I’m here.  I happen to think it’s — it works in the early stages.  I think frontline medical people believe that too — some, many.  And so we’ll take a look at it.

But the one thing we know: It’s been out for a long time, that particular formula, and that’s what — essentially, what it is, the pill.  And it’s been for malaria, lupus, and other things.

It — it’s safe.  It doesn’t cause problems.  I had no problem.  I had absolutely no problem, felt no different.  Didn’t feel good, bad, or indifferent.  I — and I tested, as you know.  It didn’t — it didn’t get me, and it’s not going to hopefully hurt anybody.

So, we know from that standpoint — because it’s been so many years, from a safety standpoint, it’s safe.  I happen to think, based on what I’ve read — I’ve read a lot about hydroxy.  I happen to think that it has an impact, especially at the early years.  There were some very good tests at Ford, and the doctor from Yale came up with a very, very strong testament to it.  There was a group of doctors yesterday, a large group that were put on the Internet, and for some reason, the Internet wanted to take them down and took them off.  I guess Twitter took them off and I think Facebook took them off.  I don’t know why.  I think they’re very respected doctors.

There was a — a woman who was spectacular in her statements about it, that she’s had tremendous success with it.  And they took her —

Q    (Inaudible.)

THE PRESIDENT:  — they took her voice off.  I don’t know why they took her off, but they took her off.  Maybe they had a good reason, maybe they didn’t.  I don’t know.

I can only say that, from my standpoint, and based on a lot of reading and a lot of knowledge about it, I think it could have a very positive impact in the early stages.  And I don’t think you lose anything by doing it other than, politically, it doesn’t seem to be too popular.  You know why?  Because I recommend it.  When I recommend something, they like to say, “Don’t use it.”
Our founding fathers were literal idiots. That’s the ultimate poison pill for a corrupt strongman.
Then Germany and other AXIS powers invade USA and dismantle the Gestapo, concentration camps and broadcast how the man at the top, ate the pill to avoid jail. 

D-Day on Palm Beach ought to be interesting.
&gt;Dr. Fauci is the physician who gowned and masked up to treat Ebola patients

The fact that you're deflecting to this shows that you know he's never treated a single COVID patient.

&gt;He is also our country's leading expert on COVID

What makes him the leading expert on COVID, exactly? He hasn't treated a single COVID patient.

&gt;and literally wrote the book on Internal Medicine currently used in med schools...

Wow! Literally????

&gt;Now, this lady, how the hell do you think she really has treated hundreds of COVID patients?

By using a protocol that the rest of the world is using but is suddenly dangerous in the US because HCQ is 37 cents a pill and Remdesivir is $3,100 a pill.

https://c19study.com/
I was Blue then after all this chaos, I took the Red Pill and never going back...Open your eyes and do some research
"It's one pill, Michael, how much could it cost? Two dollars?"
&amp;#x200B;

Good luck finding a prescription pill for $2.
The pill is safe
"the pill" = birth control.  lol
Trump endorses “The Pill”.  You heard it here first.
The pill
https://news.yahoo.com/va-bureau-prisons-buying-hydroxychloroquine-204338314.html

https://townhall.com/columnists/johnandandyschlafly/2020/07/15/hydroxychloroquine-should-be-available-over-the-counter-n2572496

https://www.rediff.com/news/report/despite-controversies-india-sees-widespread-use-of-hcq/20200609.htm

Etc.

Just how much does 40 tonnes of generics cost total and per pill?
Someone on the Dem side or an I needs to just introduce this provision alone in the house as a bill and vote on it to show it is a poison pill.
You can get pregnant on a birth control pill. You can get pregnant using condoms. You can get pregnant with an IUD in. You can get pregnant from a long term relationship and not be ready for kids/for kids with this person. You can be abstinent, get raped, and become pregnant. 

None of these situations have anything to do with self control. People can get pregnant in a lot more ways than the stereotypical “women are just loose and having unprotected sex all the time.” 

If abstinence-only sex education worked (your “self control” argument), then all the southern states that implement this program would have the lowest teen pregnancy rates.... except they have the highest.
Fauci has never treated a COVID patient. These doctors have. What's your point? 

All you guys can do is ad hominem this Nigerian doctor, ignoring the fact that she's successfully treated hundreds of  COVID patients with a protocol that HASN'T been debunked, and is being used successfully in poorer countries that can't afford the $3100 per pill Remdesivir that's conveniently being pushed right now.
I mean, she's part of the progressive wing. I understand (and to an extent agree) how "Nothing will fundamentally change" Biden can be seen as a rough pill to swallow when black protesters are being killed. 

That said, I'm greedy for that bowl before McConnell and Trump go full death cult on us.
More funding for the Pentagon isn't a poison pill.  It is unnecessary bloat, but if that is the price of helping the American people then the Democrats will vote for it.

The issues with the bill will be the reduced unemployment benefits and the liability protection for businesses.  Those are the sticking points.  And the liability protection is the real poison pill there, as it is a complete nonstarter.
There’s always a poison pill with a the Republicans. Anything they do that sounds nice always has a backdoor fu¢k job. Think of all the good we could do with that money instead of bombs and tanks we don’t need.
Fuck what this psychopath says. “Take the red pill” was clear enough.
Well, it was the goal for the Democrats, who listened to scientists at the time and even currently.

The Republicans seem to have no interest in following public health policy, because not only do they want to kick people off expanded UI, they want to make it impossible for workers to sue companies that don't adequately protect their workers from COVID.

In my opinion, that's their magic pill that opens the economy. There's sadly a lot of employers that are closed not because of lack of customers, but because they're afraid of liability.
It's become a symbolic out for Trump's failure. He wanted to give everyone HCQ, the deep state won't let him, so it's not his fault all these people died.

It didn't help that the big study in the Lancet that found excess deaths with HCQ turned out to be sketchy and had to be withdrawn.  It also doesn't help that HCQ is cheap as chips, as it only fuels the notion that Big Pharm is purposely trying to discredit it.  

Fox News is convinced its a miracle cure.   The rest of the American media has decided it's just a pill that gives people heart attacks.'

I assume the truth is somewhere in the middle, but we don't know yet.  You can find studies that say it doesn't do anything, you can find other studies (from reputable hospital systems, like Mount Sinai or Henry Ford) that say it helps.  This stuff takes a long time to figure out. 

It would be nice if everyone could just let the researchers do their work free of politics, but that doesn't seem possible anymore.
Yeah, we'll have to see if the Dems will stand on principle in the midst of what is essentially a hostage situation. Gotta love that GOP double poison pill.
Now he will say that his minority report is one to blame, and cover up for the death of Leo Crow. I say just give him the red pill and let him see and experience real world consequences like the rest of us here in the Matrix.
The dumbass we have for a president is trying to push a pill that's already been shown to not work. Wonder how much him and his cronies invested in the company, because with this administration their #1 priority is making sure they make a buck.
I see quite a few families driving Teslas. Maybe this "red pill" nonsense is to get in on the lucrative (lol) incel market.
They don't seem to, in my experience. If you have something to say, say it. 

I'm fine with people fighting for men's rights (though they should know better than labeling themselves MRA without wanting the baggage) IF they are fighting for gender equality and not just picking fights with women. 

There are a few such people out there, and they catch more flack than they deserve. There are a ton out there that give zero fucks about women or equality (see, e. g. Any of the red pill/incel subs or boards, manifestos of multiple misogynist terrorists, etc.).

If they're using "red pill" metaphors, they're almost certainly not there for gender equality. It implies that women have "captivated the world" (or are holding humanity hostage as in the Matrix) in a manner reminiscent of classic anti-semitic tropes and is inappropriate for reasonable conversation.
Education can save future generations, for sure. I think it's a hard pill for some people to swallow, but I think some people are just beyond education and reason. I think we need to accept that a certain chunk of people are just lost, and it then becomes about harm reduction. Or just tricking them into voting in their best interests unfortunately. I do have a lot of faith in young people though.
And sugar.
[2018 Sugar Price Supports](https://www.alec.org/article/sugar-subsidies-a-bitter-pill-for-the-states-to-swallow/)
The pill can be used up to 10 weeks, but loses slight efficacy after 8 weeks. (Source: I work at PP)
The DEA is responsible for checks and balances within the pharmaceutical industry, and doesn’t focus primarily on low level drug dealers(like your neighborhood weed dealer) They crack down on pill mills and Doctors who over prescribe opiates to their patience as part of their duty. I’d say that’s a pretty important roll when you look at the incredible amount of opiate related deaths in this country. Especially when they actively investigate the corporate entities, lobbyist and doctors that get people hooked on them in the first place.
It's a horrible practice to take a pill that prevents further growth of a cluster of cells?

Fuck that. The horrible practice is denying medical care to women with dead fetuses and to make people feel guilty for trying to save one of their twins while the other has no chance of survival. Calling abortion a horrible practice is flat out ignorance of the messy reality of real pregnancies.

Just because a small number of over publicized abortions do not give you the warm fuzzy feelings of a mother holding a healthy newborn doesn't mean you can simply extrapolate that to such a wide variety of medical procedures from the entirely non-invasive, to those that avoid the **trauma of a stillbirth**, to the absolutely **life saving** including to save the life pf actually viable children.

Your subjective **judgement of medical procedures by their appearance** does not have a legitimate role in this issue. As in, you should have never brought it up in the first place. It's every bit as trying to make a point about open heart surgery because you find cutting open someone's rib cage and circulating someone's blood through a machine to be horrifying. It doesn't matter.

What **is** horrific is the widespread practice of doing everything possible to ensure that as many women as possible are prevented from undergoing a non-invasive and safe procedure **forcing them to consider what you call horrific *at all***. No one actively picks the procedures propaganda has apparently convinced you is every abortion ever.

How about you speak out about the sickening practices of "crisis pregnancy centers" instead of trying to paint the very assholes responsible in a sympathetic light? Nope, all you are doing is joining them in the verbal abuse of women who those very same bastards forced into a choice they never wanted to make. Shame on you for trying to make any of that shit to look legitimate.

No, there's no conspiracy to produce an endless stream of poor children, the conspiracy to punish women for having sex **"just" doesn't care about the children** past their birth and subsequent care being a burden.

Every single supporter of the forced birth movement who confronts the plain fact of a **zygote does not even remotely compare to a fully developed human being** and the actual **reality of pregnancy and childbirth** will invariably resort to some variation of there needing to be **consequences** and that they could have been **avoided by not having sex**.

Forcing women to give birth, which is both traumatic and quite dangerous, is the only horrifying practice here and the people actively engage in that don't deserve even a shred of sympathy. Their passive supporters get a pass if they keep their ignorance to themselves.
My engineer buddy got suckered in by a 16 year old when he joined the Canadian military...faked being in the pill and BAM 3 kids later it turns out she’s crazy! Divorce, new wife, 2 more kids...and little baby daughter just turned 16...guess what? She suckered in another military kid on the other coast and she’s pregnant now too! He’s not 35 and will be a grandpa and his dad is a 61 year old great grandfather! All of them terribly “conservative” and sexist and racist and anti-Semitic and have almost Victorian sexual mores and are repressed as all get out...and what was my point again? Right...engineers may be “S-M-R-T” but usually their emotional intelligence is at about a zero point zero one five and they just love their black and white “common sense solutions” for the worlds problems, while complexity ignoring the problems in their own families lives...
The pill can be used up to 11 weeks of pregnancy. The longer you wait, the less effective the pill is. If that time period has passed, the in-clinic procedure can still be done but is more invasive.
So why are they making it harder for women to get access to birth control and family planning services that have been proven to decrease the demand for and prevalence of Abortions? Colorado in the last decade made access to birth control easy and affordable, and guess what,[they saw a marked decline in abortions and teen pregnancy](https://coloradosun.com/2019/10/21/colorado-abortion-rates-keep-declining-free-iuds-and-easier-access-to-the-pill-are-the-reason/). Planned Parenthood is often one of the best resources for women to get contraceptives and family planning services, federal funds are already prohibited from being used on Abortion Services, so Republicans have actively fought to limit access to the services that actually do cut down on abortions. It's because they just use Abortion as the wedge issue to go for what they really want--to punish women.
I imagine the pills would work through the entire pregnancy but legally you have up to 24 weeks.

edit: [up to 10 weeks if you want the pill through the mail.](https://www.bpas.org/abortion-care/abortion-treatments/the-abortion-pill/)
It comes from the idea that using a contraceptive, whether it be a condom or the pill or even pulling out, is immoral because it is preventing a live.  This is something that the Catholic Church held as their belief for awhile.

So by the same logic not having sex as much as possible, including rape, would be preventing life as well.
They could send Moscow Mitch a literal poison pill and tell him to get fucked.
I have this theory about antidepressants.
Mice will help other mice that are trapped or stuck somewhere. Mice that are on antidepressants completely ignore trapped mice and refuse to help them.

There’s something in our brain chemistry that is delicate enough that one tiny pill can change us from wanting to help our fellow man to not giving a crap about anyone except ourselves. 

My theory is that these republicans naturally have whatever that thing is that antidepressants cause in mice.
This is a truly bizarre conspiracy theory.

Obviously, the bigger a program becomes, the more people it affects and the more ingrained it becomes in all aspects of the economy and society, the *harder* it become to cancel. Yes, it is easy to cancel or reduce a small program that not many people get benefits from. It doesn't really affect the middle class and politicians can use the beneficiaries of the programs as scapegoats. None of that is true with a UBI.

Also, history doesn't seem to agree. Look at real world programs that actually exist. Cutting Social Security is viewed as the third rail of american politics. And it isn't even close to a true universal program. Look at countries that have a universal healthcare system.

In countries that have single payer medicare-style type systems. Cutting the program isn't viewed as a third rail because cutting these program is completely unfathomable. The programs are adored. I don't think there's even been a country that implemented national healthcare then had the opposition party gain 'a political majority and poison pill and cripple' the programs.

tl;dr - History and common sense tells us that once we implement a program of this nature it doesn't go away.

And at the end of the day, I'd rather have more money and then maybe have to fight to keep it, instead of fighting against getting more money on the chance that it'll go away.
Someday you will appreciate the little blue pill
While its good that prices would improve uhhh 


&gt;“For decades our citizens have paid the highest prices for drugs, prescription drugs, anywhere in the world, and it is not even close,” he said. “Foreign nations have paid vastly less for the exact same drug again and the exact same box from the exact same plant, from the exact same company. They would pay 10%, 20%, 30%. What our people are paying a pill that would sell for one dollar in certain countries.”



Is that really how that worked or was the  hyper privatized American  system just allowing and encouraging predatory price gouging for profit? Seems like those other countries have lower medical costs because they want their citizens to be healthy and thus stepped in to limit/remove the capitalistic intensives to gouge for profits in healthcare.
Liability protection for businesses is a non-starter. Protect your employees. Protect your customers. 

It wouldn’t surprise me if the GOP snuggles in that 5 year lawsuit protection again. Anyone know the statute of limitations for defrauding the government? Five years. That is tax money that is unrecoverable if that poison pill is inserted into any plan.
Listen up, folks. Tough pill to swallow. There should be no professional sports until the pandemic is under control, or even over. I loved watching my Cincinnati Reds lose on Saturday because it felt like normalcy had kinda returned. But it is not fucking worth it. Our masters KNOW they need the circus to start back up. They’ve already forced workers back in to meat packing plants where there has been a surge in covid-19 cases as well.
Alternative title 'Orange Viagra Pill fails to impress Europe'.
But currently, aside from requiring certain vaccines for certain activities (which, although I 1000% support, could be argued as being governmental overreach), the government cannot dictate what you do with your body.

There is pretty clear precedent that you have bodily autonomy. You don't have to take the pill, you don't have to drink the whatever, you don't have to help a person dying on the road, and you don't even have to donate your body parts to help healthy people after you die. You just don't have to and nobody can make you. 

This is no different. You may not force a woman to give her life to help another human even if it would result in the termination of another life, even if it was her choice. We don't command drunk drivers to donate body parts or blood or other life saving components to save those that they hit, even if the hit will die and they are a perfect match. 

That is the argument that ignores personhood of the fetus and says that even IF the clump of cells is a human, then it still doesn't matter because we don't legislate that you shall be responsible for keeping another human alive by sacrificing your body.

And really, the answer to fewer abortions lies in sex education and the proliferation and normalization of other birth controls. If you make it known HOW babby is formed, and make how to stop that cheap and easy (no cost pills, condoms, spermicides, sterilizations for those that want them) you will remove most scenarios that cause the need for abortions.

Then, in the case where you have a rape baby or some other unfortunate pregnancy that got through, you can abort or not. If you choose not to, we need to have better social programs to help those that chose not to. Right now there is fuckall to support a single mother. Adoption is also solid, but the systems need funding.

Fund all of that and we will reduce abortions, evidence shows this to be true. Those that moan about too many abortions and in the same breath desire to slash social programs are just out for control and don't really give a shit about the baby.
&gt; his health was nowhere near relevant.

But it absolutely fucking is. For the reasons I pointed out, that you absolutely failed to address. Beacuse there is no valid argument that he gets away with that, but no one is allowed to respond, for reasons of "decorum". Dismiss it all you want. That doesn't negate the facts. 

Well fuck that sideways. Your desire to tiptoe around the epidemic of monumental obesity in America that is a major health threat doesn't mean that you get to insist that anyone who uses their bully pulpit to willfully mislead people to their fucking death holds water. 

&gt;*Might I remind you that you’re also calling out someone’s behavior on the internet*

Excuse me. I'm not the one lecturing people about acceptable lines of criticism. That's what *you* do. Endlessly, I've observed. I'm not the one demanding that a perfectly valid line of criticism not be used, just because it might offend someone who is unhealthily obese. Once again, that would be *you*. 

I'm a bike-store manager, and I have used that position to change the lives of hundreds of people for the better in a non-judgmental way. It's the most joy I get in my life, actually. I probably do more  in a week to help obese people improve their health than you ever have in your life. 

So don't condescendingly lecture me or anyone else about how I'm not "woke" enough to point out that Trump's approach to human health is fucking deadly. There's a pandemic going on and obesity can kill you. 

Ask Boris Fucking Johnson.   

&gt;[*'I was too fat,' Boris Johnson says in UK launch to tackle obesity*](https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/27/uk/boris-johnson-weight-obesity-uk-gbr-intl/index.html)
__________________________________________________

[Fight Coronavirus With ‘Miracle Pill’ Of Bicycling To Work, Boris Johnson To Tell Brits](https://www.forbes.com/sites/carltonreid/2020/07/25/fight-coronavirus-by-bicycling-to-work-boris-johnson-to-tell-brits/#6c73b4b82b0f)
I would argue the opposite. It makes the case for eliminating all social programs and just paying out cash. The GOP should embrace this because they can remove countless programs people rely on and reduce all welfare to a single program. You wait until a political majority and poison pill and cripple that. If your goal was to eliminate social programs UBI is the easiest way to do it.
&gt; I don't think drivers will ever be fully replaced -- but even if it's just 90% it will be a huge blow. And that last 10% will be on-call or contract workers who only get called in to work in the most dangerous &amp; unpredictable conditions (weather or otherwise.)

I agree, I think that in most cases the remaining jobs are going to be the odd ones where you're going to have humans on-site anyway (such as oversized or hazardous payloads) or for businesses that just don't have enough shipping needs to justify even using an automated shipping service. A somewhat similar exception will be stuff like furniture moving where most of the service is actually the movers rather than their truck.

&gt; I agree with you, we are going to have to decouple human worth from 'having a good job.' We have to accept (and this shouldn't be hard!) that we can't just let people starve, and we have to depend on society for that, not for employers.

Indeed! The hard thing for many people to accept is that we will EVENTUALLY reach a point in time where a non-trivial portion of our population will just...be born, get some education to be basic functioning people, live their lives, make some more people, and die, without ever necessarily contributing back materially to the civilization that supported them. It might be in 40 years or 400, but we WILL eventually get there. It's a particularly bitter pill to accept for people that have already gone through decades of having careers because, as my family says, "What would have been the point in us doing anything if we could have just sat back and done nothing?".

The simple fact of the matter is that there's always going to be a part of the population that wants to go and DO something. Maybe not forever, maybe just a couple years at a time or so. But the ennui of a work-less existence is just going to grind at some people and they will want to get out there and do stuff. Even beyond that, there are plenty of people that want to work because they LIKE working. I'm an engineer, I LIKE engineering. If I wasn't doing it for a company (so, you know, I didn't starve to death), I'd still be doing it in my free time but for projects of my choice.
*lobs black pill grenade* You'll all be complaining for another four years.
Typical GOP skulduggery. Put a poison pill in the package, pretend that the House hasn't had a bill passed for months that they refused to consider, and get ready to blame the Democrats.   
  
Pay people now or banks in 6 months. If you don’t extend unemployment at least $500 then defaults on mortgages, auto loans, credit cards, small business loans and commercial property loans will skyrocket. Banks will be on the verge of going under, so Congress will rapidly send trillions to keep them afloat just like ‘08.  
  
Pay people or pay banks, that is the choice. We paid the banks in 2008 and it didn't turn out very well.
Tough pill to swallow: Kamala will be the VP nod and shiitty hit pieces like this aren’t going to change that.
I can tell you that I have some newfound appreciation for my own country's politics that is like a sleeping pill (at least so far)
You mean like companies that force their employees back to work while not providing safe conditions being immune from lawsuits over forcing employees back to work in unsafe conditions? That kind of poison pill?
They'll have at least one poison pill that Democrats just can't and shouldn't agree to so they can use this as a political weapon. Republicans don't give a shit about helping the people, they just want to be able to hurt the Democrats.
Also, boomer women (and to a lesser extent, Gen X) don't want the younger generation to have what they didn't, an equitable marriage. 

To do so would be to admit they didn't *have* to defer to male authority their whole lives and that would probably be a hard pill to swallow.
Take a chill pill sally
The GOP will publicly champion all the popular, uncontroversial portions of the bill

And stay silent about the poison pill provisions they almost instinctually add in, like that 50Billion slush fund the GOP tried to sneak in the first time around

The Democrats actually read what's in the bill, and oppose it because of the poison pills that average Americans don't really want and don't benefit from

Republicans will get in front of the cameras and go "SEE, WE TRIED TO PASS A BIPARTISAN BILL FOR AMERICANS, BUT THE DEMOCRATS BLOCKED IT"
&gt;The Republicans have ~~the money, the guns and~~ no morals. Won't be ~~pretty.~~ a drawn out affair once the violence starts because they have no stamina and shit training.


FTFY.
They probably have to pop a blue pill just to clean their AR.
Yeah but, like, fuck the UK. They voted for the Brexit pill. Now they have to swallow it.
GOP is creating this poison pill.  Even Biden wins, Dems is going to lose in four years.
Don’t forget the pain pill addiction that he refused treatment for after undergoing a seizure and had to be forced by the league to go into rehab, cheating on his wife while she underwent Chemo and sexually harassing massage therapists with the Jets while he sexually harassed Jenn Sterger.
looks like a pill
I understand your views. The more I read about the GOP through history I can see that are propping up a wealthy group of people who advocate for the wealth gap to keep others working for them.

Watching government socialise corporate debts where taxpayer funds (paid with the intention of making citizens lives better, healthier and more capable) are wasted on paying rich people to stay rich is endlessly sickening. I feel ill every time a government complains they can't fund social systems because we watched them burn the money to sustain wealthy entities who were to fall into being poor according to capitalist rules that they hold dear but we taxpayers bailed them out. 

Happens where I live too. I feel sorry for us because 'ignorance being bliss' is a lie that people pill-pop for breakfast.
Eh. I think his follow through for all that is dependent on taking back the Senate and keeping the house. More than likely if the democrats get the bills through, unless there's a poison pill in it, he will probably sign off on it. It costs him nothing and gains him and the democrats everything.

The most likely case of him not following through is if the GOP remains in a position to place poison pills in them, which means he'd have to veto good stuff to stop the poison.
Is that a pill or just a tomato that fell off his Whopper?
How is she an absolute joke? She’s a progressive voice that has disproportionate influence in the house. She helped LIC resist Amazon’s HQ. she’s writing legislation with her peers. I think you’re just uninformed and trying to be an edgelord. Red pill losers unite
The relationship with the USPS is way more complex than that.  The USPS needs Amazon as much as Amazon needs the USPS.

The Republicans, in an attempt to spin a yarn about the fiscally irresponsible USPS passed laws requiring the USPS front load fund their pensions.  Without the deal the USPS signed with Amazon the USPS would be in a bad way financially.

It's a bitter pill, but such is life.  Without said leviathans bankroll the usps, and it's 600,000 jobs is in serious trouble
Or Neo taking the blue pill and going further into the simulation. Blissful ignorance after all is the hallmark of conspiracy theorists. Who else could have imagined such a world? 

Yes that means all those "red-pillers" and or conservatives in general, actually take the blue pill on the daily.
It’s a hard pill to swallow but it’s the truth. The just released documents showing it cost $63 million dollars to build the field hospital in New York bas paid nurses and Doctors up to $2000 per day to sit and around and do nothing. That’s your tax dollars at work. They housed a total of 76 patients. You know why, cause the hospitals refused to send patients there because they wanted to collect the government money cares act section 4409. People are only stupid when they refuse to see what in front of them. Have a nice life. Hopefully you don’t get covid cause your worth more dead then alive.
Musk should stick to making cool stuff and stfu about politics. He sounds like a douchebag when he talks about "red pill" asshattery or politics
That’s gonna be a tough pill for me to swallow: the only way to get MAGA on board with masks is to let them forget that they were ever against masks and not hold them accountable at all. 

Still, if it saves lives, down the hatch it goes!
If there was a pill that cured cancer, most Republicans would refuse to take it if they were only encouraged by liberals to take it.
That's about what happened here.

I had some real nasty abdominal cramping and a nasty bout of fatigue one weekend, made a GP's appointment, and then a couple days later had "that's...dried blood.  Like...when I was recovering from colon surgery amounts of dried blood" while doing my business.

Wasn't actively bleeding at that point so no point in a trip to the ER, GP couldn't see me until almost 2 weeks later because of Covid, then sent me for a CT to try and figure out what happened.

The list of "\[X\] is unremarkable"...aka "[We ain't found shit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3iFJpGJiug&amp;t=14)"...was itself remarkable, almost as long as my arm.  The only thing the CT picked up was I have a couple very minor kidney stones, leading to a $2,000 bill and "Guess we need to run a different test...".  They didn't even see the Focal Nodular Hyperplasia from 5 years ago, GP thinks that means it developed because of the stress of 6 months on heavy antibiotics \[Smoldering Diverticulitis...-1/10 do not recommend...imagine appendicitis pain every 3 weeks for half a year, and never getting more than a 4-hour nap because of a 6-hour pill rotation\], and once that was corrected the nodule went into remission.
Don’t forget about the four years when we forget about all of this, take the GOP red pill and go to war with Bulgaria for their Lithium to power our future smart phones $0.35 cheaper a day
Except that the UK has a decent transit system, free healthcare, and housing as a right - so it evens out.

You don't need that big a salary if you're not having to spend $1000 a month on a health insurance plan, then the co-pays, then the deductibles, and the other mystery bills, with prescriptions at $68 a pill.

You don't need that big a salary if your uni wasn't $10,000 a term and you are very heavily in debt almost to the tune of half a starter home.
This is how humanity ends. Not with a bang but with a "FRee Viagicra pill s! She'll love it."
Sinn Féinn was one of three examples, the others were in the US, and very much part of a two party system.

Again you also dismiss or ignore any criticism of ranked choice or STV in favor of nitpicking a tiny side point.

The system allows for a lot of non-intuitive election results and requires centralized counting. This allows for all sorts of behind the scenes fuckery that is harder to catch than any other voting system.

It's better than first past the post but is still a poisoned pill. It falls prey to Duverger's law and reinforces an effective two party system (multiple parties in tight, static alliances) unless you also implement multiple member districts, which is not really a possibility in the US.

Now, while my preferred system is Approval voting there is a system that is better for encouraging third parties in single candidate elections. Range voting is just better but slightly more complex. Approval is one of the least complex systems in existence and requires no special ballots. You just count all the marks on the sheet. that's it. All tallying can be done at the polls and there's less chance of fuckery.

There's also much less ballot spoilage. (ballots thrown out for being filled out wrong) About 5x less spoilage than first past the post elections and about 25x less than Ranked Choice ballot spoilage.
Oh you mean how he stepped away because of the Paris Agreement which I took more as an PR excuse than anything else tbh. He then proceeded to push about how Covid was exaggerated and would just disappear on Joe Rogan and hackle CA about the lockdowns with “FREE AMERICA” and “Take the red pill”. I’m not a car manufacturer so I have no stock in the game, I actually like what he’s done with renewable energy but let’s be clear: Elon is quite comfortable with his Trump administration alignment. Let’s not forget that he supports Kanye - an undeniably mentally unwell person- for POTUS. He might be a good engineer but beyond that his opinions are worthless to me on any other issue.
And that is why they have started talking shit about her so early, how dare a waitress get a job with all of us who have had to compromise our integrity for decades in order to get our hands on the levers of power.

They did the same thing to Hillary Clinton in 1996 when she tried to craft model legislation for universal health care - because the representatives weren't doing their job - and they got so incensed at the idea that she would dare type up something that they could then modify and ratify that they kept giving her shit for decades for calling them out for not doing their job.  

They poisoned the well with the politics of disgust.

Basically they're trying to put a poison pill and everybody's mouth regarding AOC and the minds of people that know nothing about her except what Fox news tells them.
&gt;Prevalence of something doesn't tell you much about the behaviour of individuals in the population.

Does it not? And your example of sexual abuse, 1 in 7 might not abuse children themselves, but they will be dealing with that trauma the rest of their lives and it may manifest in different ways.

[https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-savvy-psychologist/201910/three-ways-childhood-trauma-affects-adulthood](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-savvy-psychologist/201910/three-ways-childhood-trauma-affects-adulthood)

As we see with trump per Mary Trump lived experience and expertise.

Also- check out Red Pill, Men's Rights lawyers and Incels for proof this is still an issue. Gamergate...?
Stock market poison pill is almost ready. Then republicans can say "look what the democrats did to the economy"
You're really running off into the weeds here. It's not about dis-empowering men, in general (which sounds like red pill/QAnon bullshit tbqhwy). It is about seeking to balance power away from who we have running our country, old rich white dudes who call all the shots, make all the rules, and reap most of the benefits from society.

You may not like the fact that "assholes" are being called out and taken to task. Even if you agree with their opinion, that is not an attack on you, personally, or men in general... unless you behaved just as disrespectfully to anyone in public, regardless of race, gender, etc. In a public or business setting, it is unprofessional, and people should be responsible for their actions.

It's about basic human decency, which on the surface and across the board from the President down, people on that side of the isle have shown little to no decency, imho. In fact, they endorse it with their silence on the President's behavior, which is a whole other topic. 

I am actually very happy to see AOC stand up for herself and take no shit from assholes. Don't be a dick, and you won't get called out. It's that simple.
I don't think Trump is really into watersports or anything, really, other than telling suckers who think they're "inside men" with Trump some salacious story that makes Trump appear as a power figure.  
It's not the kink for its own sake, it's telling somebody else to make them feel like they're in the Trump Country Club.  
  
The other thing is that at that level you have to provide something to the "other side" that demonstrates your commitment to the scheme so that that each side has something to hold over the other as collateral for a scheme.  
  
For Trump to Putin (beyond the decades of oligarch money laundering), deliver a Pee Tape (or equiv.)  
For Trump to Epstein (sold to Putin?), recordings of Trump with Jane Doe  
It becomes the currency to prove you won't rat, and that you won't be killed (Jizzlane's Poison Pill for a deal).
It won’t because, money. I’ve had young surgeons try to convince me that my son needed surgery when the procedure was obviously cosmetic to other doctors. I’ve seen them try and prescribe anti-depressants within the first 30 seconds of a conversation while denying that the symptoms of depression were cause by a prescribed pill (glad we didn’t listen to that doctor).  I’ve seen them take a cancer patient with 6 months to live and sell him on chemo to get a few more months while bleeding his widow financially dry to pay for it. Doctors do come through for us in many ways, but there are several areas that they just kinda suck at an no one seems to hold them accountable for it.
Actually I think it’s the opposite. He is pulling classic doctor crap of telling us about the bad things that might happen to us if we don’t do this one procedure or take this one pill that we can’t afford.  What ends up happening is that you end up trying to do what the doctor recommends, you die anyway, and the people left alive end up trying to field the collections calls.
I completely agree with the worry. Especially with how many trump heads are in the military. It'd be a hard pill to swallow to have to evict Trump for some of them.

That's even ignoring what happens between november and january and what Trump might pull, and assuming that electrion fraud and suppression doesn't hand Trump a victory.

I'm in Canada, I can't help, but it's really scary to be watching it.
Jesus. So many things that I can't touch on them all. So the few that most stood out. He's so delusional that he's talking about how hard an incredibly simple question is without any awareness that it's a really simple question.

Also, if he's to be believed, he took the test not because of any real reason, but he's so thin skinned he was looking for a piece of paper to wave around.

Then, when pill mill Jackson was forced to test him, terrified of making him look bad Ronnie picked a test that is only useful if you have brain damage. The only way he could set the bar lower is if he checked if Donnie would try to put the square peg through the round hole.

Finally, he kept saying how good his memory is. But he kept having trouble recalling the five words he made up on the spot. Like by the third time he repeated it, he stumbled and slowed down to make sure he didn't mix it up.
The school thing servers no other purpose than a poison pill.
You know, there should really be a rule that no one can mention Jason Miller in a story like this without adding the background that he slipped his mistress an abortion pill without her knowledge when she refused to terminate the inconvenient pregnancy from their affair.
Perception is reality.  It’s a really hard pill to swallow, unfortunately.
They’re trying to get him to eat his tranquilizer but he keeps separating it from the piece of cheese it’s wrapped in and spitting out the pill. He’s craftier than he looks!
Pardon her, then.  
No, seriously, Trump raping Jane Doe 3X recordings are in the mix (Trump/Epstein sex stuff, one way or another).  
Jizz won't go to jail, she'll deal. She must have a poison pill "release recordings upon her untimely demise" switch, so they won't - CAN'T - kill her.  
Barr steps on the SDNY investigation, deals her release if she cooperates that everybody Non-Trump fucked teenagers (Clintons, specifically, true or not). (Here, The Trump Organization contacts the Epstein extortion targets and makes money excluding them from Barr's chargings: an Extortion of The Extorted, and Trump LIVES for that shit.)  
Barr doesn't need to charge or complete anything, just announce The Jizz Investigations (will be dismissed later, maybe, or not if they can get away with MORE)  
Ties in with the October Surprise Durham Investigation charges against Comey, Clapper, Strzok/Page, Brennan, etc.  
Expect it all wrapped up in a nice little bow.
&gt;And men's rights ones. And incel. And red pill.

I feel like these are mostly rolled up into the term "right wing boards" haha
And men's rights ones. And incel. And red pill.

Why do they still have these sub's up? Lol
Welp as their parent YOU decide so shut up and take your pill or don’t. YOUR choice. 

Honestly if they were stricter with enforcing people to wear masks and properly distance this wouldn’t be of issue besides for the morbidly obese/ people with breathing issues who probably shouldn’t be out anyways.
Shithouse behaviour, mate. 

Regardless of political stance - I don’t know how anyone can deny that he was an amazing and courageous man. 

Jealousy is a bitter pill.
He's a South African "woke" red pill conservative nut job who jumps around and refuses to acknowledge racial issues, but if you need more:

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/11/30/business/tesla-factory-racism.html

https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2020/06/elon-musk-juneteenth-spacex-tesla/613330/

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/19/technology/elon-musk-tesla-red-pill.html

https://www.protocol.com/tesla-workers-plan-protest

https://www.news18.com/news/buzz/elon-musk-is-still-tweeting-cryptic-messages-none-of-them-are-about-black-lives-matter-2656277.html
Not giving them a click, but I assume it's that coordinated hit job on the Lincoln Project because they've been so effective.

The hit job is being run inside the trimp campaign by Jason Miller -- the guy who slipped an abortion pill to his stripper mistress when she wanted to keep the baby. Also the guy who got fellow trimp surrogate AJ Delgado preggers.

But in fairness, he's a [brave chin donor.](https://www.rawstory.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/KBTV_04-29-2018_08.33.58.jpg)
There are anywhere from 5-10 million AR-style builds in the hands of private citizens. The genie is out of the bottle. It is an absolute poison pill of an issue, it is deeply unpopular and actively does very little to affect actual gun death statistics.

Don't believe me? 

Ask Columbine how the last AWB worked out for them.
No, its about politicizing and fear.  NRA is about keeping/growing Republicans as single-issue voters on this one issue.  Here's a recent [example](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/nra-everyday-gun-ar15_n_5f0b9df0c5b6480493d1da4d?test_ad=taboola_iframe_mw_life) of them stirring the pot.  As far as government policy is concerned, Pro-2A citizen demands are free and easy, so politicians can spend time doing whatever they want without consequence from their voting electorate, as long as they're Pro-2A, which why would they care either way.  

If you have the people with guns brainwashed and on *your* side, the only politicians that are going to get shot are the opposition.

Liberal community really needs to shift the anti-gun rhetoric to be against the causes of violence/suicide, and not the firearms themselves.  It's an easier pill to sell to Republicans too, because they are overwhelmingly poor and see the same causes in their communities too.
Nancy Pelosi is cut from the same cloth as Trump. Screw both of them. Greedy power hungry douches. 

People would take Covid serious if both republicans and democrats lead by example. If you say protests are ok but other things aren’t, you are the reason people are skeptics. Swallow the truth pill and own it. Lead by example. Both sides are peddling bs. 

Virus doesn’t care about social issues... or does it? Depends on the issue depending on which party you ask. Ridiculous.
Don't listen to this guy. He is a moron. Listen to your doctor. If he prescribes you pill take the pills. Don't take medical advice from idiots on reddit and don't believe their bullshit stories.
I’ve seen it before. 2008 a blue tsunami swept Democrats into power. And they came into power with a crumbling economy. They didn’t magically fix it in two years so we dumb ass Americans voted republicans back into power. 

The economy is currently digesting a poison pill set to go off about a year from now so the Biden administration has a full blown economic meltdown to deal with. They won’t fix it in two years so can you guess what the dumb ass Americans will do in 2022?
The economy is a poison pill set to disintegrate shortly after Biden takes office so they can run on the terrible economy in 2022 and 2024. And just like in 2010 it will probably work. Because we’re really fucking stupid.
I’ve read that book and you’re doing a bit of sensationalizing as far as FDR is concerned. The Rhoades experiments happened in 1931-1932 which is before FDR was in office. Radiation experimentation happened from 1957 into the 70s, beginning after FDR left office. The pill and sterilization happened in the 70s as well. We’ve done some fucked up shit to Puerto Rico but comparing FDR to Hitler is a stretch. Besides that I think Mengele fits your comparison more than Hitler himself.
Trump can't [pardon](https://www.justice.gov/pardon/pardon-information-and-instructions) state offenses. And there is a [precedent](https://tenthamendmentcenter.com/2014/06/16/state-bills-to-arrest-federal-agents-a-poison-pill/) for arresting federal agents at the state level.

They would need to prove that they went beyond their federal law enforcement authority to keep it in state courts though. Although there's also nothing stopping them from just repeatedly arresting them.
My dad swallows the horse pill fox News every day and I thought he was more open minded.  It's futile, the borg assimilated him.
Punish people for having sex? Are you against condoms, BC pill and abortions? Pretty right wing of you not gonna lie
I guarantee there will be some stupid wording or other poison pill that actually stops police from enforcing the law since that’s been her M.O. If the bill was literally “Feds open up” for all non covert operations this is great. But at this point assuming AOC will be a functioning Representative is like assuming Trump won’t tweet something stupid today.
Yoho. Yo! You ho! Take a chill pill, mofo.
I always considered my Sanders support pretty selfless as well. When I voted for him in the primary, I had pretty good, affordable insurance (despite my gripes about insurance being pointlessly complicated). I voted Sanders for people like the movie theater employee I saw with a paint stirring stick taped to her arm as a splint, telling her coworker that she didn't have insurance and couldn't afford to get her wrist cared for properly.

Several months after the primary, my wife and I were laid off because of covid and have no insurance. Fuck our healthcare system.

But yeah to your first point, biden's corporate donors are a big pill for me to swallow. He is making meaningful strides in a progressive direction with programs like this and although he still wasn't my first choice he is winning my support. At very minimum, I'm just so glad he's providing a rational leadership voice to counter Trump's insanity.
Biden was probably my last choice aside from Bloomberg. Getting over his corporate donors is a pretty big pill to swallow for me, but honestly he's done a damn good job since becoming the candidate. He's made meaningful progressive compromises with policies like this. Biden is going from an anti-trump vote to someone I'm actually starting to believe in.
This is the logical conclusion of the Red Pill narrative.
That's fine, but that is not how these plans are framed.  These are things they say we will do if they are elected president.  If the senate and/or house are controlled by republicans, there is no chance that any of those plans by a democratic party president happen ever.  And even if democrats control congress, the republicans always play poison pill politics specifically so they can run against what a president said they would do when laws don't 100% match the promises made.
I am so fucking sick of seeing these dipshits' smug, pill-addled faces everywhere.
There’s nothing inherently wrong with men’s rights in situations where men are historically boned, like with paternity cases.  

The problem is way too many of men’s rights folk also subscribe to the anti-feminism and alt-right rhetoric that leads to cesspools of neckbeards like the red pill sub reddit.
Boy oh boy, this sure looks like a good faith attempt to pass a second stimulus, and not poison pill legislation designed to make Democrats look bad.
The original intent of these protests where absolutely valid and worthy yet seems things have been hijacked by various Marxist groups.  

It's hard to even see a clear set objective on where things started.  That's a tragic thing because the people that really need the help will be left in the dust once again.  I know it's a sour pill to swallow yet that's what's ultimately going down.
&gt; It’s so wild how easily they swallow the rioting suppression pill.

They’ve been primed for it ever since the BLM movement started really picking back up again in the past few months. Loads of propaganda (including stoking racial tensions) and suddenly the federal government military style aggression happening within our own borders is A-OK when they perceive that it benefits them. The people defending this who previously touted “states rights” and holding 2A close to their hearts are dishonest (or lying to themselves), to say the least.
&gt; He didn’t address the most critical questions about the incident that led to his downfall: why he was in a Miami Beach hotel room with two other men, three bags of crystal meth, a pillow that appeared covered in vomit, open prescription pill bottles and pills spilled out.

Sounds like a party.
It’s so wild how easily they swallow the rioting suppression pill. 

I ate lunch in downtown PDX last week and it’s a normal day here. There’s no siege except for federal incursions into our state sovereignty. 

It’s like he’s begging for civil war 2: electric boogaloo
The Democrats should be on every news network every day talking about the good legislation that the Republicans are blocking. Write straight up laws with no poison pill bullshit added to make opposition possible and make it public AND POUND THE FUCKING TABLE NONSTOP. The American people need to know when something like a 9/11 responder bill or election security bill is being blocked. A mountain of evidence could get a few of the “both sides are bad” crowd to wake up.
&gt; I genuinely dont understand McConnell's position, the liability protections are a poison pill that LOOK like a poison pill, even to voters.

A fair number of Republican legislators will be cruising for board positions and consulting roles in a few months. Similar to Ryan's also equally obvious poisonous tax deal before he and like 40 of his compatriot's rode off into the sunset in 2018, got to lock in that "retirement plan" while you can.
To my eye, the smart play here for both sides is a simple deal.

Monthly stimulus checks to every American until Jan, that way republicans get to look kind until the election and democrats get a living, housed population that's not starving until after electoral results take effect.

I genuinely dont understand McConnell's position, the liability protections are a poison pill that LOOK like a poison pill, even to voters. this isn't his first rodeo either, he was there during the first shut down and he knows what happens when republicans try these tactics and they backfire, what does this achieve for him politically. hes an evil little turtle but i've never seen him be a STUPID evil little turtle.
I’m with ya bruh. I’m op and not offended. My dad is a dummy, love him, but he’s a dummy. He’s also been out for almost 25 years and things have changed a lot since then re:the political landscape and media. The funniest part about his pol leanings and tendency to only believe the deepest of red pill news, his wife is a stone cold liberal pinko. As is his whole fam besides him.
I suspect all the conspiracy nuts want to deflect to Epstein because the person who did it was a red-pill MRA loser.
It's particularly fucking egregious when old-gen software dev guys do this. 

It's egregious because computers are about *efficiency*.  We always want to *increase efficiency*. 

If the same work can be done in far less time with a more *efficient* programming language, then *that is the unambiguously best option*. 

Reusing solutions that have already solved problems you're facing is just good programming.  Creating languages that have a higher level of abstraction and therefore take less time to write while doing more work per line is just good programming.

And on top of that, making life easier for future generations is just *being a good human being*. 

"I want my child to have a better life than I did" has miraculously turned into "I want my child to suffer because I'm a horrible piece of shit that proxies out all my thinking to a bloated pill-addicted conservative radio host with zero credentials."
Progressives refer to this as the "poison pill." We believe it will necessarily lead to the corruption and failure of a public option.
Here’s a crazy idea. Government match on student loan payments. 
I agree - I took loans out for my degree and I expect to pay them back. But I also understand dollars going to my loan servicer are dollars NOT going to the small business down the road who needs my business or even the big box stores that keep many people employed. There’s a balance to be struck, neither way is perfect. But striking the whole debt with no obligation to contribute is a tough pill to swallow.
Also don't underestimate the number of people in the US who have fantasized about some kind of revolution where they own the libs and have ingested the pill of orange moron ism. I bet they welcome him being a little dicktator.
you'd be surprised at who this affects. Lots of us are in 1950s built suburban pill-box houses where it takes two incomes to pay the mortgage and property taxes.
I am a very far leftist but of the antiauthoritarian tradition which you seem to gloss over.

The red pill documentary, and the misogynist sentiments expressed therein, are mainstream men's rights. If mainstream socialism was about torture and killing no I wouldn't be one.
Here a weird twist on this one - another red pill lawyer Marc Angelucci was killed a couple weeks ago using the same delivery man/assassin ploy used in this case 

http://www.abovealllaws.com/2020/07/13/respected-california-attorney-marc-angelucci-assassinated-at-home/
The difference is mine isn't made up.

&gt;He also claimed online that young women walk through life “with the equivalent of a “I'M A STUPID, CONNIVING BITCH — PLEASE RAPE ME neon sign glowing above their empty little narcissistic heads.

-the star of the red pill documentary this guy appeared in
&gt; Although using this time to provide pressure on Biden normally makes sense

That is part of the problem...according to many here (and elsewhere), it is never time. Before the election, you are only damaging the candidate, and after the election, multiple reasons why it is not time. This is how we got Trump.

&gt; it should be done in a way that still promotes him as a great candidate

Thing is, he is not a "great candidate", he is mediocre as his past shows and many comments here from his supporters. Granted he is much better than Trump in any metrics, as a human, as a politician, and as a president...that is not in question.

I started by rejecting it was a "simple" choice. Our vote is also our signature on the social contract. The game is crooked, corrupt, and they want my signature to approve it...hard pill to swallow. I am what you would consider a "leftist" but not a dogmatic one...I supported some of Sanders ideas so it made sense to support him even if he is a democrat.

I want to push Biden on single payer, we really need that, as well as step to reverse the privatization of healthcare. I want to push him on marijuana legalization...schedule II is not legalization, it is not even decriminalization as it is same schedule as cocaine and meth. My most important issue is economic inequalities so I want him to assure us he will not name economic centrists to the supreme court...
Maybe its hard swallow pill. Exactly like you said, also just look in recent example how dems are rejected bernie, because he is not in system. Also i belive he is only run as independ.
That’s the hardest pill to swallow for me really... how many women are compliant in this awful shit.
Hate is the poison pill you take hoping it will harm your enemy.
It's the rabbit hole you go down after picking the wrong pill.
If these thugs really have so much trouble getting erections they should take a fucking pill.
Okay, so how do we ensure the safety of people in domestic violence or child abuse situations? Or will they die “For The Greater Good”? Also, how do you propose that grocery stores supply everyone who will need food for 3 weeks when they are already running on a shortage? What about people who will kill them selves do to no outside contact, are those acceptable casualties? The current death vs infections in the US has gone down to 3.8% assuming all deaths are actually due to COVID 19 and are not just being counted because the person that died had COVID 19. I know it’s a hard pill to swallow, but under Obama during H1N1, the CDC suggested them to stop testing because the numbers were inaccurate due to asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic people not going to the hospital and getting tested. How is that different from now?

Edit: to fix percentage
I wonder if that's not the point here? If you trigger enough insurgencies, people won't just calm down just cause the government changes. That way if they lose, they can hold the Democrats responsible for the chaos and hamper the next government's ability to work because its attention is focused on fixing everything the previous admin broke.

Poison pill basically.
I’m sorry but no. I’m not interested in your secret truth Qanon Fox News propagated bs. Anyone with two eyes and a brain can objectively see that trump, his administration, and a vast majority of the Republican Party are abusing the system for personal gain. That’s the issue. Your “curiosity” will have to go elsewhere to have your “red pill” discussions.
The Republican Fascists have been engaging in 'poison pill' politics for decades, kneecapping incoming Democrats with massive deficits and this time, rampant disease and a huge pile of dead Americans. They don't care. They're made up of an evil alliance of Christo-fascist Nazis, racists and 'Taxation is theft' libertarians. They're all low information, low empathy nutbags, motivated by fear and personal greed. They're the most dangerous enemy America has ever faced. The instability they create serves their purpose...their 'policies' would never win them a free and fair election, so the 'cause' demands they cheat, lie, steal and murder.
&gt;Man if you think you're ever going to be in a situation where you wake up and need to shoot without taking two seconds to load the gun you need to rethink your whole life.

An acquaintance's ex-boyfriend had over 50 handguns in his "collection", along with various long guns. He of course also had a loaded gun near his bedside. He had an abnormally-shaped penis. She once remarked to me that when he brought it up one time, that he absentmindedly started disassembling one of his guns that happened to be on the kitchen table.

Pretty sure his father picked on his ... ahem ... problem.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Put locks on the door. Buy a dog that barks at strangers. Stop pissing people off. Do something to eliminate that risk of "death within two seconds of waking up".

I got a dog 12 years ago... a Boxer. To this day, he would gladly lay down his own life to protect his family. He's almost 13 which is outstanding for a Boxer, he's on beta-blockers, as well as a thyroid pill, has a huge "soft mass" in his chest that looks like cancer, but when someone strange comes to the door, he's all fury. He'll pay for it later. But I still have a hard time stopping him, and I ain't no weakling ;)

Anyway, that dog is a large sight better friend and companion than a gun would be.
This is the same poison pill strategy deployed by the last few losing Republican presidents, except instead of just running up massive deficits for the incoming Democrat, this time they're adding in a massive pile of dead Americans. They seek instability, which eases the massive change required to make real their dream of a Christian fascist theocracy.
Sorry to sound so defeatist, but ready for what? Election is probably going to be theater at best, a lot of people I knew in highschool are probably going to end up in vans, maybe to never be seen again. Part of me wants to just down the pill bottle now instead of in november. I'm tired of waiting. I've been waiting since 2016, knowing full well it would turn into exactly what it has.

When all of it keeps coming true, and I know the end of this is basically a worse version of Russia. Fuck this.

I can only find one example of a country avoiding fascism once they got this far down the path. **One.** And the only reason that happened was because the Nazis bombed the shit out of them, and suddenly all their fascists in the making saw the public turn on fascism.

Hitler took over germany with realistically 30% of the country his devotees. Trump has 40% of ours.

We are fucked.
And sometimes they save your life during a particularly bad bout, and once that episode's over you go off of them because of the unwanted side effects and you're fine.  Antidepressants are tricky and it's not as simple as "here, take this pill and you're guaranteed to feel better and also you should always stay on it."
Actually, his failures are just exposing this myth for what it is, a convenient lie. All of our societies failures/problems have been their, starring us down. We just never had to face them before, we were all too busy living the dream. Then Trump came and slipped us all the RED PILL.
You better read up on Trump's good friend. Sick Red Pill tho.

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6640233/Inside-Roger-Stones-swinging-marriage-posted-ads-online-frequented-sex-clubs.html
That’s a pretty weak argument. Oh no! I have to show my ID, which every legal citizen already has! Whatever will I do?! Keep swallowing that blue pill buddy, it’s working.
I'm going to skip past my instincts here, and just say the following:

COVID-19 is not a scam. It's not a myth, or a conspiracy, or a scheme to unseat Trump. COVID-19 is a disease, caused by a mutated coronavirus. It's very real. I got lucky, and just got some lung scarring. It could very well fucking end you. The people you have so much contempt for are the people trying to save you. You need to sit down, shut up, listen to the experts, and do as you're told. I know that's a bitter pill for you to swallow, but this isn't about your freedom, this is about you not dying, your friends not dying, your kids not dying. Don't act in a way that convinces everyone that we care more about your loved ones than you do, and then get pissy when people assume we do.
This is the same poison pill strategy deployed by the last few losing Republican presidents, except instead of just running up massive deficits for the incoming Democrat, this time they're adding in a massive pile of dead Americans. They seek instability, which eases the massive change required to make real their dream of a Christian fascist theocracy.
Trump's entire presidency has been, "This is not going to happen," happening, so forgive me if I'm tired of hearing this brought up as if it's a magic pill. While I ultimately think it is correct to say that outright canceling it won't get very far because of the distributed nature of elections, that won't stop him from trying.

Add to it that the DOJ is literally his personal (il)legal police force and we're in for an incredibly nasty fight about the election's "legitimacy". In short, he'll try to cancel it even if he can't just so he can add that to the fuel for his attempt to say the election wasn't legitimate.
&gt; money to spend and keeping a few more places open gives them a place to spend that money.

*So close*.


Problem is, that


&gt; having people working


is [a great way to spread a virus](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/may/15/us-coronavirus-meat-packing-plants-food); just ask [Texas and Florida](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/25/coronavirus-live-updates.html).


That's *probably* why Republicans want to callously use the relief package to insert a poison pill [shielding employers from responsibility if they put their employees unnecessarily at risk](https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2020-07-17/republicans-eye-sweeping-shield-from-coronavirus-liability).


That's not even taking into account [the Trump administration's efforts to ignore any kind of oversight on how the relief is distributed](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-usa-stimulus/trump-administration-is-blocking-covid-stimulus-oversight-government-watchdog-letter-idUSKBN23M2XD) and [literal refusal to disclose how *billions* of our dollars are being allocated](https://www.salon.com/2020/06/12/jaw-dropping-corruption-mnuchin-refuses-to-disclose-which-businesses-got-taxpayer-backed-bailouts/).



Giving relief payments directly to people who need them is faster, easier, more efficient, *and* less vulnerable to corruption.
&gt;The 9/11 First Responders Bill is the biggest layup for a bill in US political history.

All I needed was one counterexample to disprove this statement:

&gt;Whenever the Democrats and Republicans come together it's to screw over people.

And now I have you disproving it further for me:

&gt;That's what you went with? There are better examples. Way to miss the forest for the tree.

Work smart, not hard (:

&gt;However the vast majority of the time any bill you point to is a poison pill at the very best. See the CARES Act. Peanuts for everyday Americans full on Socialism for Corporations and the wealthy.

The poison is from Republicans.


Democrats have to negotiate how many shit particles per million are included in most bills.

&gt;Also I laugh in your face

Six feet, please.

&gt;when both parties agree fully on foreign intervention

Examples?  Iraq War?  Once it was revealed that the Bush administration had blatantly lied and misrepresented key facts, Democrats all shifted to opposition of the Iraq War, while Republicans did what they do best: never change their mind.

&gt;Not new and the Democrats are attacking Trump from the RIGHT on Foreign Policy

How so?

&gt;I like how you casually dismiss a hundred years of US political history, especially the last 40, as a defense for the Democrats propping up Trump.

Where?

&gt;The cherry on top is you passively accusing me of being a Trump lover.

Why did you assume you were passively accused of being a Trump lover instead of a South Park edgelord?

Guilty conscience?

&gt;I point out the US uses its military budget as part of its security state. You decide it's a great idea to move the goal post and actually use the insane size of the military budget the Democrats put in place for the supposed Russian asset with his finger on the button as a defense.

You're the one moving the goalposts by trying to conflate the military budget with "the Trump security state".

I'm just not letting you do so without commentary.

If you're not going to address my points directly, then that's on you.

&gt;Someone can use this material in a standup. Hilarious.

I already do.  It kills.

&gt;You must think everybody is a complete moron.

No.

Just the "both sides" crowd, the "conspiracy theory" crowd, the "trump lover" crowd, and my personal favorite wild card: the "aggressively stupid" crowd.

The last one is mostly made up of people who *think* they figured out something few other people have, failing to realize that they never figured anything out.  They merely concocted a hypothesis in their head, couldn't easily *disprove* it, and decided that's the same as proving it.

It fails to impress the "math/science" crowd (that's me!)
The 9/11 First Responders Bill is the biggest layup for a bill in US political history.  That's what you went with?  There are better examples.  Way to miss the forest for the tree.

Yeah on exceedingly rare occasions they will do a good thing.  However the vast majority of the time any bill you point to is a poison pill at the very best.  See the CARES Act.  Peanuts for everyday Americans full on Socialism for Corporations and the wealthy.

Also I laugh in your face about bringing up a 9/11 bill as a defense when both parties agree fully on foreign intervention.  They only deviate on the methodology of its implementation.  Which by the way caused 9/11.  This has been US policy since it's inception.  Not new and the Democrats are attacking Trump from the RIGHT on Foreign Policy except in the case of Iran in which case they are rightly attacking him from the LEFT like they should.

I like how you casually dismiss a hundred years of US political history, especially the last 40, as a defense for the Democrats propping up Trump.  The cherry on top is you passively accusing me of being a Trump lover.  Classic.

I point out the US uses its military budget as part of its security state.  You decide it's a great idea to move the goal post and actually use the insane size of the military budget the Democrats put in place for the supposed Russian asset with his finger on the button as a defense.  Someone can use this material in a standup.  Hilarious.

You must think everybody is a complete moron.
I am going to state the unpopular opinion.  I feel we have been one the majority of our history.  But it wasn't directed towards whites.

I feel our nations demographics are changing, and as bitter of the pill it is to swallow our nation is very white supremacist in culture.  Our nation *is* apartheid and always has been.  For the first time, that claimed superiority is being challenged, and the excuses are turning into alibis.
Comparing 2000 to 2020 is lazy. 2000 and 2016 are better comparisons. Nobody knew Bush would invade multiple countries in 2000, his non-popular win and all of the Florida chicanery was a much easier pill to swallow before we knew how much he’d suck. Bush also had a reasonable win margin in 2004. Everyone knows what Trump is like as a president in 2020 and it seems highly unlikely he wins the popular vote.
Lol why so angry? Take a chill pill and maybe offer up some suggestions yourself.
We where the first heavily medicated generation.  Got a problem take a pill. See where that got us. Rehab.
&gt; some red meat

poison pill
This is how I see the politics of this. Passing a stimulus will help Trump, and possibly the stock market, but it helps the people.  NOT passing it because of the poison pill the GOP want (protecting employers from lawsuits) gives Dems the leverage. GOP will look bad, economy will worsen, Trump will look even worse (and drag down the entire GOP ballot).
can everyone please take a chill pill 💊  relax and breathe  on both sides of politics
Because they use the threat posed by even worse shitheads like Trump to get us to swallow their less toxic poison pill. It's fucking infuriating.
It also could be a Niacin Flush.  Niacin is also known as B3.  It's in almost any drink or pill that promotes energy.

Nictoninic acid causes one hell of a capillary dilation, so blood rushes into the skin and makes it tingle and prickle and turn red.

Extremely common, totally harmless.

Stimulants like adderall will make you feel hot but they generally dont give a niacin flush feeling.
I’ll take the blue pill. 😱
Donnie’s gonna need a whole case of diet coke and three scoops to swallow this pill.
Same here. 


And it’s why I’m no longer a democrat. I’ll vote for a democrat but a blanket gun grabber is a hard pill to swallow. You want some common sense laws like background checks etc? Go for it.


You wanna ban shit just cuz it *looks* scary? Fuck off. Unfortunately, &lt;—- this is where the democrats are. In a competition with each other over who can ban the most guns and restrict our rights for whatever stupid ass reason they can.
Yes, please. I just got down to 1/2 sleeping pill a night and really want to need a whole one again as my mind spins out with the daily crazy.
Ah the great American Fallacy rears it's head again. While you are correct in your assessment of some of the problems exacerbating the spread of COVID in the states, I don't understand how you got to the fact that socialized medicine has nothing to do with this? Is this not a health crisis? Do you think having healthcare tied to employment is somehow better in this situation? If as a Canadian I get COVID, I just have to worry about getting better and the logistics of quarantine, if I were in the states I would also have to worry about going bankrupt as my work had to close and laid off it's entire staff. It's also worth noting that Europe got hit with COVID much earlier than the states, and they have progressed further on their curve than the US so measuring death's per capita probably isn't the best metric for judging the effectiveness of differing healthcare systems at this point in time. 

Also, we'll see how many US hospitals are left standing after the pandemic is over, as treating COVID victims relying on Medicare/medicaid is not nearly as profitable as ordering unnecessary scans and surgeries for privately insured patients.

&gt;a selfish, guidance-flouting population

We agree on this point. You're talking about COVID, I'm talking about Healthcare.

I honestly don't understand the fervent defense Americans make for your shitty system. Is it the fact that it's called socialism? Would calling it freedom medicine make the pill go down easier? Please ELI5 because I cant.
Everyone has their own red pill moment. When they realize the news is actively steering the general public's emotions through literally lying and misrepresenting what people actually say. Right now, they have even more power, as the general public is still largely still hiding out inside, and glued to the nightly news. First they hit you with a local story, then some crime, then the weather, then they hit you with this shit.
i don't agree, i think you're offended by the prospect.  that the only acceptable reason to object is on ethical grounds.  and that an objection on any other grounds is a tacit acceptance of the ethics of changing someone's sexuality from gay to straight.   i think that's a logical fallacy, it's a non sequiter.  it's possible to object on both grounds.  

however i think, with good reason, that most of the harm from these people practicing what they call "cures", stems from the fact that it doesn't work, that they haven't the slightest understanding of how sexuality develops, or how sexuality works.   and that in their lack of understanding and their moral hubris that they'll try anything with very little regard for the well being of their ~~patients~~ victims.  and then further that torture and the resultant trauma can be sold to the people that want it (usually parents, but sometimes the person themselves) as actual efficacy.  

just suppose for a moment that there was a regimen that did work and was based in science.  it wouldn't involve self flagelation.  or electric shocks for  plethysmography readings.   and suppose that all the harm from current pseudoscientific methods was just entirely absent.  in that case the only issue would be that gay people would not be gay anymore.   that diversity is a value to be preserved in society, and that people ought not be able to change their sexuality.   there'd be a debate over it, some would surely say many people are coerced into it, and other's would say that people should be free to choose on their own.  

i'm not sure i'll live to see that happen, i'd bet that that's atleast a hundred years off.  but i think what would happen sooner is the development of a preventative regimen, something like a pill taken during pregnancy that reduces the incidence  homosexuality in adulthood of the child from \~10% to .1%.  and i would imagine that it would be gender specific and that the male version would arrive sooner as male homosexuality is better understood than female homosexuality,  and that to repressive governments male homosexuality is regarded as a greater threat.   that of course would have serious ethical issues.
Maajid was removed and they apologised, but they fought it at the time. Sam has never been on their lists, they just claimed he is a pathway to the alt-right, and as someone who used to listen to and like what he had to say on the most part I think I agree.

I joined some Sam Harris FB groups to discuss the topics, and without fail they all started to creep me out with their red pill bullshit, and twisted way they would take statistics as truth and find meaning in poorly run scientific studies so long as they matched their worldview. 

They never seemed to question or debate his position, or if they did it was shut down. The Jordan Peterson fan brigade had a freaky overlap. 

It made me realise that Sam is a good person, but he isn't as open and willing to be wrong as he thinks he is. Also the US idea of centrist is definitely to the right for those of us who didn't grow up in America. 

I am sure the SPLC get I wrong and it's a risky business to do what they do. It's important to make sure we don't just take one orgsnisations view of the world, or of certain people, as gospel.
&gt; After taking approximately 13 daily doses of the hormone, the teen was diagnosed with gynecomastia,

&gt; Wang prescribed a daily regimen of 2 milligrams of estrogen to be taken in pill form, according to medical records.

Putting aside for a second the criminal incompetence of ordering this treatment, 2mg estrogen for 13 days isn't going to result in gynecomastia.
Captain Bankruptcy wants to cut 100% needed funding to Social Security and Medicare, and possibly the withholding you pay every paycheck, so that you get a little more each pay cycle.

It starves SS and MC, and also if they lower withholding rates for taxes it may leave many people angry with their refunds/taxes owed when they file next year. It's a poison pill for the next administration if passed, no doubt.
Is there a pill for that?
flaw: they're all anti-vaxx.

maybe a miracle pill?
I need to clarify something here. I was responding to the comment above mine that said "why in the world would you need a doctor's visit for this?" There are absolutely reasons as I stated that one should have some kind of medical care/supervision (even a phone call checkup) for an abortion.

The article and ruling are specifically about the COVID-19 pandemic and accessibility: "Chuang’s ruling will allow healthcare providers to arrange for mifepristone to be mailed or delivered to patients during the public health emergency declared by the secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services."

I am not disagreeing with the emergency ruling whatsoever. I was responding to the commenter wondering why on earth a woman might need medical care for an abortion pill vs the iron pills in their cabinet they referenced.
This one article has created more Trump voters than the Trump campaign could ever hope to create.

Racism is the American Left's suicide pill.

"Vote Democrat 2020.  Racism Will Make Us All Equal."
One pill makes it larger and another pill makes it small
For the Fox News Republicans who will vote (R) good, (D) bad no matter what, you’re absolutely right. But that’s also not who were talking about. 

Anecdotally from my personal experiences, HRC was such a poison pill that there were a lot of my moderate friends who either voted for Trump or a third party because they couldn’t stomach voting for her. These are the people who we can’t afford to rake over the coals, because every single one of these people I know that did this regretted their vote on November 9, 2016. The people who genuinely have come to learn from their mistake need to be welcomed back into the fold. Are they the majority? Unfortunately not. But every vote counts this November.
Exes e. E pop pill dad yo h
Kayne is bipolar and would probably be much less of an ass if he took his fuckings pill.

Not sure there's a pill that helps against what's wrong with Trump.
I lose respect for any neck beard that pulls the “red pill blue pill” shit. I’m a registered independent, I vote for the policies I support not the parties. If you disagree that’s perfectly fine, but you’re not right because you “took the red pill” or whatever the fuck that idiocy means. Find a better movie to quote and read better news sources.
&gt; hormonal nuke

The pill being described here blocks a hormone, it doesn't deliver it.
Well this load of crap will probably red pill any reasonable adult that comes across it. Good job idiots. Keep it up
You fail to realize just how much of a poison pill Hillary Clinton was in the 2016 election. For moderate republicans/independents, she was unpopular on a good day. And since we don’t have ranked choice voting, a lot of those people who would be disgusted by Trump were more disgusted by Hillary Clinton. 

Trump doesn’t have the luxury of being a dark horse this time around.
After seeing how Biden became the nominee and seeing his history as a politician, it's a pretty bitter pill to swallow.   Dude introduced racial segregation bill for school buses after integration finally went through, (he opposed it), and we also have Biden personally to thank for warrantless cash seizure/forfeiture by the police. 

I think it's complete bullshit how everyone is a complete pushover/apologist for Biden only now that he's the only candidate.  
But nope, contrary to any actual reality of what Biden is or what any voter's ethics might be, we all have to get in the party line or get demonized because eating a shit sandwich is still better than Trump. 

For the record I don't desire a Marxist, or even UBI, I just wish I had the option to vote for a candidate that didn't vote identically on the important shit.   

Corporate bailouts, military funding bills, Israeli defense, defunding social programs, have an been passed with complete bipartisan support under Trump.  Same under Obama.   

But nope, voting independent just means your vote doesn't matter and you are giving it to trump as far as everybody is concerned now, because if you aren't willing to vote for the bipartisan status quo that will never benefit any of us, you are demonized as an irresponsible voter.  

Expecting a democratic senate under Biden to initiate policy improvements of the type you are talking about is a pretty big leap of faith when recent history shows them doing anything but.   

So sucks if you are tired of hearing how "both sides" are pulling this shit- but they ARE, and I wouldn't bet a dime that a biden presidency would make any effort to change that. 

The Senate really needs to be reigned in or eliminated, lobbying congressmen needs to be made illegal- if Biden is willing to do any of that, great.  

But he simply isn't.
I mean there is still very little they could do even with scorched Earth. If Trump gets another pick then conservatives will have the SC for a generation. 

if we win the next 6 Potus elections in a row that is how long to recover under normal circumstances. That is 24 for years Dem POTUS in a row.

Only two things would have much affect. One is Instituting term limits. I personally think that policy  is a bad idea but won’t get into bc the merits are debatable at least. The main reason it would not help is bc the current seniority order is a conservative and then a liberal so there would be no net gain.

The second is expanding the number of of seats on the SC to give Biden free appointments. We could do it but honestly I think the public would see that as a poison pill for dems and moderates would flip back to the GOP. I want to believe people wouldn’t forget how bad Trump was but half the damn liberals I know already talk about how GWB was a good man. Memories are depressingly short.
I feel like ive taken a crazy pill!
The drunk pill pusher!
As someone who is both a big supporter of firearms rights and is also a part of a minority group that Republicans have done everything in their power to kill off (I’m trans. Look no further than Trump just recently [attempting to?] rescinding medical rights for trans folk), stances like this make me feel conflicted. Cause on the one hand, I agree with you. I wish that Dems didnt try to ban all guns, hell the further Left you go, the *more* accepting they become of firearms. On the other hand, my life, and the lives of all of my trans siblings, are on the line. It can be a hard pill to swallow
You either forgot or didn't know that Hillary has never really been popular. [Gallup](https://news.gallup.com/poll/1618/Favorability-People-News.aspx) has been tracking her favourability stats since 1992, and in that time she has barely kept the number of people with unfavourable views of her below the majority, even when she was not running for president. Whenever she has run for office, including for what should have been a relatively safe Senate seat, her numbers have tanked. This includes when she competed against Barack Obama in the democratic primary in 2007, where her numbers collapsed long before the general election and the bulk of the republican smears. Going into the 2016 elections, Hillary's favourability was actually on a downward trend before she even announced her candidacy, and it only got worse from there. 

It's unfortunate for everyone that Trump is president, but people haven't liked Hillary for ages and there's no magic to it. It's a weakness to keep pretending that Hillary was a good candidate struck down by some nefarious scheme, rather than a bitter pill being shoved down voters' throats. You Dems need to learn the lesson of 2016 so that the rest of us don't have to put up with this dumb-ass president for another 4 years.
I really hate how the right has co-opted the outrage to push their shitty ALM agendas. Between this and DeSean Jackson, I’ve had more than one person ask me (a Jewish person) if I’m ready to take the “red pill”. 


I hate this year.
I didn't say i have all the answers. I didn't say it was a magic pill. But when the real estate market crashed in '08 or whatever,  what do you think happened to all those agents who suddenly made no sales? I'm betting they did something else.  

I got a loan to go to welding school in 2012. At the age of 35, i left the industry i had been in since 18. Real estate management. I borrowed every bit of money from the government. I've worked 9 out of 12 months ever since. My loan payments are $150 a month.  I've made between 17 and 20 bucks an hour with those skills in multiple different jobs. I didn't win the lottery. I work my balls off, and i'm not getting rich. But i earn.
While I’m not discounting “the rent is too damn high” findings, this is one of several articles covering the same study by using findings which seem to cherry-pick that the situation is more dire than it actually is.  One person’s “modest” or “decent” rental is another person’s flop-house.

It would take someone knowledgeable with national and/or regional rental trends to put this theory to the test instead of relying on the study’s authors for interpretation, which are of course subject to bias.  We often see several articles from various (and legitimate) reliable news sources appear in a narrow time frame reporting the findings of a study.  Why is this?  No one can believe these newspapers are magically discovering these studies independently, so how are they learning about them in the first place?  Perhaps someone with a cynical knowledge of the news/entertainment system would be able to further elaborate?   It seems likely the study’s authors are involved in some kind of PR, but it also seems unlikely they would do this in-house.  Why reinvent the wheel when there are probably experts who do this sort of work for a fee.  It reminds me of radio stations that subscribe to “interesting news stories” services that they can use for their morning/evening drive content, and a couple of times a year several of them cover the same subject making some improbable claim.  “Can this pill cure cancer and give diamond hard boners in just a single dose?”  I’m not saying the claim isn’t true, but a reliable source [(Wikipedia has an excellent definition)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Reliable_sources#Overview) that uses such services does their readership a disservice by whoring out their reputation to use someone else's “research”.
&gt; Sexism in America is real.

I'd really like to think it's not that simple. Hillary was a really tough pill for me to swallow (although I did). But man, I'd vote for Warren or Harris in a heartbeat. And if/when AOC runs for president, I'm gonna do my damnedest to work for her campaign.

Hillary was just the worst.
First number after the date is approve, second is disapprove

&gt;2020 Jun 8-30 38 57 4   
&gt;  
&gt;2020 May 28-Jun 4 39 57 4     
&gt;  
&gt;2020 May 1-13 49 48 3 

I'm curious as to why so many people thought trump was doing a great job in early May?

You already had tens of thousands a day getting infected, you already had thousands a day dying.  You had large parts of the USA without income, unable to get welfare.  You had people using emergency departments as GPs because they couldn't afford a doctor.  There were tens millions of people losing employment (and thus health insurance).  You had drastic shortages of PPE, ICU space and other essentials.  

Don't take the red pill guys, it is worse than the brown acid.
Took him a while but welcome. This is the real red pill you've been avoiding all this time
as far as generics, drug companies still scam the system.

It's illegal to import drugs from overseas so you are stuck with domestic generics. that is why Martin shkreli jacked up the price of daraprim from $13 a pill to $750 despite it being a generic. because it's illegal to buy it for $0.25 a pill from Australia. we need international competition as well as domestic competition for drugs. 

Also drug companies bribe generic manufacturers to not make generics.

or they'll find a legal loophole to extend a patent.
Damn, they got his pill mix fucked up, he's so chill.
This legislation was pushed HARD by the union at the USPS. The union believed that once the USPS became a quasi-independent entity that threats of strikes and other actions would allow the union to bargain for substantially higher pay for the union members.

This turned out to be a poison pill. The government didn't want to be on the hook for pensions for workers who were no longer fully government employees. The better deals the union was able to negotiate became future liabilities the USPS had to be able to honor. The gap between the amount in the USPS pension funds and the amount those funds would have to pay out became unsustainable, resulting in legislation to force the USPS to prioritize increasing payments to those funds to secure those pensions. This made it prohibitively expensive for the USPS to operate.

(In fact, the USPS hasn't even made these payments in years since it's losing so much money operationally due to the next point; while this issue gets a lot of limelight it isn't actually being enforced so it's not really a part of the "problem" right now.)

The cost to deliver mail keeps going up. But the rates the USPS can charge for delivering mail are set by Congress. Additionally the USPS has a mandate to do six-day-a-week mail delivery to every address in the United States, regardless of how profitable those routes are. As costs inflated, profits shrank meaning that the money that could have been used for investment wasn't available. Equipment is aging and needs constant maintenance and repair. Efficiencies that a "normal" business would seek aren't available to the USPS.

Could the Congress just let the USPS raise rates until it was profitable again? Maybe, but that would mean that the Congress would be passing an enormous new expense on to its own budget. Because one of the largest users of the USPS is the US Government, which sends millions of social security checks, millions of pieces of mail related to Medicare, millions of pieces of mail related to the armed services, and of course, whatever the Congress itself sends using it's "Franking Privileges".

And there's a ceiling on how much the USPS rates can be raised anyway. Amazon, FedEx, UPS and DHL have all built out extensive delivery networks which reach 80%+ of the US population. Currently they are prohibited from delivering "mail", which basically means pre-stamped letters put in official US Post boxes, but that's become a real fig-leaf monopoly. If the USPS price gets high enough, it will be possible for the private industry carriers to match or beat the USPS' price, and they'll also find ways to deliver "mail" that won't violate the USPS' monopoly. The result will be a total collapse in the USPS' financial picture as the only business that will remain are greeting cards and US government letters, which will be a fraction of the mail required to subsidize the system.

Maybe if in the 1970s the unions had believed more strongly that they would have better luck bargaining as government employees some of this could have been avoided. At least if the USPS had stayed inside the government decisions about postal rates, the postal monopoly, postal worker benefits, etc. would have been decided like they are for any other government agency, and you wouldn't have people howling about "subsidizing a private company".

The lesson learned here is "be careful what you wish for, because you might actually get it."
I got super downvoted but this is exactly what I'm talking about. I'm leaving my comment because I stand by it. I don't mean someone should have to sit on the doctor's office toilet and wait for the pill to work, I mean a person should be under some kind of medical "care" or "supervision" in that they should be checked in on to make sure there's no infection or no adverse effects.
They nakedly charge what the market will bear on costs, and Americans are brainwashed to empty their pockets for even the cheapest to manufacture drugs that have been generics for decades just because some drug company puts three pills inside one pill. Then they cite "the cost of research" which people are ALSO paying out of pocket when they go to the doctor because those kinds of pills are basically datamined out of Rx data to see what proven safe medications go well together.
Is the Auburn/Bama rivalry so intense that Crimson Tide supporters will have to swallow a bitter pill to vote Tuberville? Any polling info for this race?
That's what kills me.  They're shaming the girl getting the Pill so she WON'T get pregnant and need an abortion.  They're shaming the mother of two going in there because they assume she's killing her baby, when she's just in there getting an affordable mammogram, so she can catch any cancer before she gets too sick to care for her children.  They see a visibly pregnant woman going in, and they scream at her that she's a murderer, even though she's just going in because she can't afford a prenatal ultrasound at the hospital.

They see every woman walking in there as a whore.  They don't realize that less than 10% of PP services are abortion-related, and the vast majority of patients are there for shit that has nothing to do with terminating a pregnancy.
I was supervised in the weeks following. After I was given the pill, I was afsked to come back a few days later to check everything went as planned. It didn’t. It had to be sucked out. I had to come back for another check after that and then 3 blood test with a few days in between. Wereas anything is better than bringing an unwanted child into this overpopulated world, this is not without risk.
Neither does the abortion pill.  Is that what you meant by dangerous? Wow. I thought you were worried about the health of the woman. I guess my lady brain got confused.
I think better idea would be restricting sales to only those who are pregnant. Problem is that how would you prove that?

Edit: And I just realized that the person also should only be within certain weeks of pregnancy. You cant medically abort after certain time. So abortion pill should really available to pregnant women before that cut off point.
I’ve used Nurx before for birth control pills and they’ve always been super fast with shipping. I have a LARC now so I don’t need them anymore but they’re pretty great. I highly recommend them. I’ve also heard good things about The Pill Club too.
How is this situation made worse with an abortion pill? Do their captors have no other way to terminate an unwanted pregnancy in their slaves in this extreme hypothetical?
So frustrating when every month month you have to play whack a mole trying to guess which pharmacy will have your medication, because the pharmaceutical companies don't want to produce much of it as it's not profitable enough. Like when Tetracycline went from about a penny a pill to $100 a pill. This is where the government needs to be able to intervine and start producing it. Though I have mixed feelings about the pharma companies constantly getting away with this crap and forcing taxpayers to make the medication in the above scenario. They just keep thumbing their noses at us.
Well have a look into their donations website, it's clear they too believe in Russian/Chinese propaganda. Remember the black panther party was a strong believer in Maoism. The vice chair of their donation board is an ex-convict, arrested for terrorism in the Weather Underground days.

So yeah... once again... distrust in police is taught by enemy propaganda.

How do they teach it? Repetitively feeding your viral videos, which are going to exist until probably the end of time as police brutality is not something you can solve. Unless they find a pill for violence or something.
You don't take the abortion pill under supervision. They send you home with it and you pass the embryo and uterine lining at home. It is painful, like really bad period cramps and can make you throw up/diarrhea. It's like a terrible period for half a day. But you definitely aren't supervised.
Nope. You can use telemedicine for most types of birth control (except stuff that needs to be implanted, like Nexplanon or IUDs). 

Here’s a list of what telemedicine services are available where: https://freethepill.org/online-pill-prescribing-resources/
I just don’t really see the harm in having the pill available then to be quite honest. It sounds like the positives outweigh the negatives. Going to a dr is hard for a lot of women who would want an abortion in the first place because it’s expensive and hard to get to (think very poor or very young respectively). I’d be more into your idea if those issues were addressed!
Abortion pills are used to stop the embryo growing, either by disrupting the lining of the womb or the growth of the placenta. Then they typically have a follow up pill that makes sure the embryo is removed by the body. It's generally only for the first trimester.
Someone I know did from their local pharmacy just fine though it may be different state to state. Plan B is different than an abortion pill though. Sometimes it is too late for that.
I’m just curious because I’ve never heard either way: is there any consequences to taking this specific type of pill if you’re not pregnant? Like would it do harm?
The abortion pill is not used for 3rd trimester abortions
That article you’re referencing is about over the counter birth control pills, while this case is about the abortion pill, two different things.
Nope. It’s super safe. [Way safer than pregnancy and childbirth](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22270271/). 

In fact, it has a [better safety record than a lot of common drugs](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2020/07/10/abortion-pill-restricted-fda-record-safer-than-penicillin-viagra/5412810002/) like penicillin and viagra.
I'm not saying it should be prescription only with a doctor, but they should not be available to anyone online or over the counter. The pill is not considered dangerous, but if anyone can buy it there may be a huge rise in other parties trying to slip the pill into peoples foods or drinks to get them to have an abortion. 

Requiring a prescription from a pharmacist (that can verify ID, etc.) seems like the best way, and wouldn't require a doctor at all.
Turns out people like hearing the truth even when it’s a head pill to swallow.
Libertarian =/= Republican, and there are many libertarians would be upset if you called them that. Granted there are for more Republicans who think they're libertarian but are just poorly educated. The post you linked is purely an opinion piece and if you can link an actual event of this happening I'd be happy to see it. Also the article mentions birth control which is very different from the abortion pill that this ruling is about. And I would be happy to see any evidence you claim that Democrats apposed this move.
Same. I have 2 grown kids, the first being unplanned when me and my wife were barely adults, and we never once even entertained the barest thought of aborting them. Because me and my wife *wanted* to be parents and were prepared for the responsibility.

But I also have/had numerous family who are foster parents and know all too well how forcing women into caerying unwanted pregnancies to term can end up for the resulting child born to parents who weren't ready, willing or capable of properly caring for them. And it's rarely good for the parents either.

Anyone who wants an abortion should be guaranteed one as the desire to abort immediatly disqualifies them from being entrusted with the wellbeing of a child.

And for those who say, "just put them up for adoption", that's not an acceptable alternative as its not as easy and straightforward a process as it is portrayed on TV. Many of the foster kids I grew up around *were* kids put for adoption who never got chosen (if they were even ever considered), which just added more emotional trauma with every day that went by being another day of rejection. 

Not to mention, it relegated them to being wards of the state, and states don't care about abandoned kids anymore than their parents did. And to the vast majority of foster parents and boarding houses, the kids are nothing more than revenue generators, useful only as long as they generate a profit. Kids should never be mere financial assets.

For me, I'd much rather an unwanted child be aborted by pill weeks after conception than to have to go to anymore funerals for pre-teen suicide victims born to parents that didn't want them. Which In the last 35ish years, includes 4 under age 13, 7 teenagers and over a dozen adults whose trauma eventually caught up with them. And that's just the ones we know of. And very, very few of the ones who still survive have had anything most would consider a good, fulfilling and rewarding life.
Plan b is not an abortion pill. It will not get rid of an active pregnancy, it stops a pregnancy from happening.
The morning after pill is effective for 3-5 days after sex. The abortion pill is used up to 10 weeks.
The pill we’re talking about is the abortion pill, no?
???so the plan b that was/is sold on amazon was illegal? women with access to the internet and amazon could *always* get the abortion pill without visiting the dr. how old is this article, and why is old news bouncing through my feed??? /s
We're talking about a pill here, not a full abortion.
FYI Plan B isn’t an abortion pill. It prevents a fertilized egg from attaching to the womb, then causes the woman’s menstrual cycle to start, shedding the egg along with the womb’s lining.
Pardon me for my lack of knowledge on the issue, but how does it work? Is it like a Plan B pill?
I am not a conspiracy theorist at all, and as soon as I read this I think it is spot on.  I believe you’re right, a deal was in place for what has been called a “limited hangout,” a term that has been around for a long time but made famous during Watergate.  They’d feed the pro-Trump QAnon narrative by having her incriminate only Trump foes but no loyalists.  The firing of Berman was supposed to just happen peacefully, as you’d need the IS Attorney in on it.

If she has evidence incriminating Barr and his ilk she better leak some of it now.  They would not have arrested her and risk her going public unless they were 100% certain they could contain this over the coming few days.  Whenever Barr feels like he has rounded up any potential poison pill copies of incriminating info, she’ll be suicided the next day.  There will be, surprisingly, no video.
Right, so maybe it's just my poor reading skills here but could you clarify if your above stated stance on the availability of the morning after pill is different than the availability for the abortion pill?
Yea, I’m really conflicted on this. As a massive advocate for women’s rights, I’m happy to see a simple ruling that puts the power in women’s hands. But as someone who has used the abortion pill (a two-step process taking mifepristone and misoprostol, one to terminate the pregnancy and the other to expel it) I am very concerned about this being used without doctors supervision. It’s dangerous to use after 9wk gestation, and the side effects can be pretty dangerous. It’s no aspirin.
I got a Mirena to avoid needing an abortion pill but I’m ecstatic about this ruling.
My ortho (the most generic pill you can get) is $60 per packet out of pocket. Imagine buying Target brand tylenol for that much?

A packet is 1 month btw.
It seems more like a mental masturbation technique. I doubt he would waste a perfectly good Viagra pill and doubt he would be able to manage without
You're thinking of a different pill bro.

&gt;it would probably be near impossible to actually prove that the pill dislodged a fertilized egg.

That's exactly what an abortion pill does.
Correct. No abortion after X weeks* unless life threatening to the mother or severe medical issues with the child. 

Also, this isn’t just a legal thing, I wish culturally we could find a middle ground between “morning after pill is murder” and “it’s just a clump of cells”. 

Abortions should be legal and rare. They are not rare.

*It is not black and white. Abortions get worse morally as the child develops. It’s not like I’m saying 21 weeks is no problem and 22 weeks is equivalent to murder. 

I think this is a reasonable opinion.
These could be the first steps towards that end goal for Trump. 

Easier pill to swallow if there is doubt in his ability amongst the public.
&gt; But I assume we're talking about the "day after pill" here?

no. the "day after pill" is marketed as "plan b" here and IIRC is already available directly from a pharmacist without talking to a doctor
I’m not religious or conservative but think there should be limits on abortion. I do think the morning after pill should be available “over the counter”.
The day-after bill and the abortion pill are not the same thing. The former is a contraceptive that prevents implantation. The abortion pill is used once pregnancy is established.
You are aware these have to take it within like 48 hours right? And it's less effective for every hour you wait. It's not like you can slip this into the drink of any pregnant women and magically make her not pregnant.

Many people miss the window where these work because they didn't even realize there was an issue.

And as others have said, drugging someone is already illegal. And it would probably be near impossible to actually prove that the pill dislodged a fertilized egg. Especially considering most fertilized eggs dislodge on their own within the first couple of weeks of fertilization. God kills far more "babies" than he lets live.
Vague terminology used here. But I assume we're talking about the "day after pill" here?

It's not generally a prescription medicine in Europe and available at any pharmacy for anyone. While it's true there could be some side effects they're extremely unlikely to be lethal, and for a pill that most people only ever take a couple of times in their lives if at all, it does seem like quite a lot of extra hassle. And feels more designed like extra hurdles to shame women to not get it. Which results in a higher cost for both them and the state as well as a much harder mental burden if she gets an actual abortion once the pregnancy has actually started.

Or ofc the far higher cost to society, the woman and the child if we force women to bear children they don't want and/or can't afford based on some weird puritanical bullshit.
A pill would be great 💊
I'm okay with no abortions if they outlaw the blue pill.  Or make it so the mother can request for government assistance to raise the child if she is unable to do so herself.
The pills in question are already prescription-only, so the doctor can educate the patient when they write the prescription. The difference here is that the patient had to return to a hospital / clinic a 2nd time to pick up the pill itself, which is the undue burden the courts are talking about (especially when you think about how some people might live 100s of miles away from the nearest abortion clinic). There are lots of other prescription drugs that have significant side effects but we don't impose this burden in those cases either.
Is there any evidence that trying to prevent women from getting the pill will be effective though? It seems to me like this is another scenario where the people who are against abortion support a policy without any evidence that it would work. Trying to prohibit drugs or make them harder to get achieves nothing, as has been seen with the war on drugs. If the demand for abortion is there you're not going to stop women just by banning stuff. 

Also another issue is that many of the people who are concerned about the fetus do so by citing the bible, but never actually cite any bible versus that oppose abortion, so it's often a dishonest argument. "Life begins at conception", "abortion is murder" etc. is a conservative belief, not a christian one
You are thinking about this all wrong.

If women can get the pill, men won't need protection anymore. So we can spend decades fighting to outlaw condoms.
I would disagree.  The abortion pill can have side effects, so it would be wise to talk to a doctor and make sure you are actually healthy enough to take the abortion pill.  There are several out now, and some have different effects or contra-indications.   At the very least, the Pharmacist should educate them on the side effects so they can be aware and vigilant in case something life threatening presents.
I get that abortions are going to happen either way, I'm just saying that I don't think a pill that can end a human life with 1 swallow should be able to be bought off the shelf.  Yes, i consider a fetus to be a life.
&gt; I think the only place a doctor should have in the abortion pill is being there to provide information

Dont need a doc for that either. That's a job for pharmacists. And being a listening ear is for councilors, clergy and psychologists.
Until someone crushes a pill up in his gf's morning coffee... now what? Abortion is murder, and providing easier access to it is not going to solve any problems.
I think the only place a doctor should have in the abortion pill is being there to provide information and to be a listening ear for the woman, the rest should be the woman's decision.
Today's IQ reduction pill will be 40 minutes late guys
&gt;Yes, but if people are asked "Would you support M4A knowing it would eliminate your private insurance?" you'd cry bloody murder even though that is the 'material reality' of the plan too.


LOL you were bitching about "bias" and you bring this shit up? That's  dog shit propaganda. 

ARE YOU COMFORTABLE WITH THE NEW ANTI-CANCER PILL IF YOU KNEW YOU WOULD **LOSE YOUR  CHEMOTHERAPY?** THE DOCTORS WOULD **IMMEDIATELY TAKE AWAY** YOUR CHEMOTHERAPY, WHICH YOU **NEED TO SURVIVE.**

Give it up, jesus fucking christ
Yeah the peaceful protesting is fine.  Your opinion about rare is different than mine.  Looting has been pretty widespread even though the looters are a small percentage of the protesters.  There have been more than a handful of deaths with these riots.  Not to mention these riots are based on a false narrative.  Black people are killed rarely in mostly justified shootings.  That’s why everyone knows all 10 victims the media has put a spotlight on in the last 5 years and so many people fake racist attacks (Smollet, Bubba, etc).  When did you last hear of a white person being killed by the cops?  You are swallowing that blue pill fed to you by the media.

Lol your opinion about tearing down “racist” statues is completely subjective.  Who decides what is racist?  You are judging someone (George Washington, Columbus, Lincoln, etc.) from 400 years ago without knowing the circumstances.  They certainly weren’t traitors. Which ones shouldn’t have been built?  All of them?  You are such a coward.  You aren’t even able to look at the current facts without your rose colored glasses.  

Nope, surprisingly once again we disagree.  Cops aren’t perfect.  They need more training and hands on fighting experience.  But they are not as a whole out to hurt or kill anyone.  

Clinton pardoned some left wing terrorists.  Obama pardoned traitor Chelsea Manning and also a big time terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera.
I don't think so...I know Adderall for sure, but Provigil not sure. According to drugs.com it can be taken orally in pill form and they come in 100-400mg doses. So if it's a pill, you can break it up and toot it up your face nose. 

Only try if you're a "pro-sniffer". /s
It’s not random, it’s calculated.

Q Anon is a psy-ops campaign designed to target groups with low critical thinking skills.

After Banon’s success at using gamergate to red pill young men into become Trump supporters back in 2016, they created Q Anon to target evangelicals, anti-vax moms, and new age UFO/conspiracy theorists.

It’s working amazingly well, and most people still don’t really get what’s going on.
They really brought back Jason Miller? The same guy who was accused of giving his mistress an abortion pill without her consent? Sounds about right.
Hot take: Research should be conducted by government labs and the results offered freely, and drug companies should be reduced to contracting with the government to manufacture drugs for wholesale with set prices.

No marketing budgets, no PR, no ignoring promising treatments for real disease and illnesses for another dick hardening pill.

Imagine if the vaccine could be distributed to everyone at a low cost.
I know I have on every pill I've taken and so have all my friends.
My allergies have been terrible this year, and a couple times I've forgotten to take my zyrtec, which leads to a coughing fit and me saying loudly "ha! Forgot to take my allergy pill!" so people around me don't think I have the Rona.
How bitter was that pill when you were swallowing it?
Most successful one too... literally... and this claim can be backed by the metrics / hard facts.  I know, I know... that has GOT to be a tough pill for some of you more ‘emotional’ voters (ie those less inclined to employ logic &amp; reason) to swallow. ;)
Anyone who has studied past uncontrolled pandemics will tell you it takes years to fix. 

The Spanish Flu, IIRC took about two years to "stabilize." And the economic factors took about 3 years after that to "get going" again. 

We could have mitigated this, made it easier on ourselves, but certain politicians wanted to put profits over people. 

So now, we have to swallow the hard pill--or rather, we have to swallow a good 5 years worth of it.
This is a poison pill. Any endorsement from Coulter is almost 100% going to drive people away.
What's next, red pill liberals?
And you assume same people who won’t wear masks will get vaccinated when it’s available ? Right ..... 

They could sell a pill for a buck you take once that makes you covid immune and you would get people causing bill gates of putting soros aborted spawns inside
The market is flooded with capital and will continue to be that way for years after an economic downturn. 

If you can’t get Capital now, then your ideas/company aren’t good. Tough pill to swallow but that’s the truth.
So, the good news is that that sort of chicanery is hard to do in this country. The elections themselves are put on by (in general) county/state officials, and staffed by volunteers from the community. There are pill watchers from both major parties onsite to provide oversight of the process. This has its downsides (like, not even close to consistent standards), but the upside is that widespread fraud is difficult.
&gt;no one is above the law, including the President of the United States

That's not a poison pill, that's just the fucking facts
should have been the first step in solidarity with states like New York, California, and Washington...instead, he refused to implement even the most basic of standards, and now far too late he is advocating for preventative measures.. like a woman in labor now wanting a birth control pill.
Roberts might've dropped a poison pill in the "President can't be indicted" tank in his written opinion on the Trump taxes decision. He said no one is above the law, including the President of the United States. So now there's a Supreme Court decision that seems to imply that the president can be indicted, and absolutely can be investigated.
The problem is our reasons for being there have nothing to do with protecting Afghanistan or Americans, so you will never find consistent goal posts. We are there for the same reason we are anywhere--geopolitical reasons. Power plays, strategic positioning, and imposing our will on others. That is the lens through which to understand our foreign policy. Violence is rarely the solution to preventing more violence, yet it is what we consistently rely on in our foreign policy. The stuff about protecting people is propaganda to help the public swallow the foreign invasion pill a little easier. 

If we could get democratic control over our foreign policy, I think the most practical solution at this point would be to remove our troops, offer asylum to refugees who may be harmed in the mess we've left behind, and then pay reparations to Afghanis for destroying their country. It won't make up for what we've done to them, but we can't exactly go back in time and undo the invasion either.
Harris seems super corrupt too her record has a ton of super shady shit from her time as a prosecutor just getting started in politics. I think advancing her career is a poison pill.
Even if Trump had the authority to carry out his threats (he doesn't but we're playing Make Believe right now) who decides what schools are "too liberal"? What is the criteria being used to make that determination? Does funding get reinstated if schools introduce a more "conservative" curriculum? Who decides that?
  
See, Trump doesn't have the mental capacity for complex problems, issues, and questions like this. He thinks he can solve everything with a magic pill without doing any of the work to get there.
Can I rant for a moment?  
  
I'm not young, but I'm not old either, I'm 35, and for my whole lifetime I've watched Republicans trying to fuck with people's health care and safety net programs.  
  
I've watched George H.W. Bush try to privatize Social Security.  

I've watched Donald Trump cut subsidies for health insurance plans.  

I've watched Paul Ryan try to replace Medicare with a voucher program.  

I've watched Republicans fight tooth and nail against science based sex ed.  

I've watched Republicans roll back unemployment benefits during a financial crisis.  
  
I've watched Republicans turn down fully funded, deficit neutral Medicaid expansions.  
  
I've watched 49 Republican Senators vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act after years and years of gutting every protection and regulation that it had.  

I've watched Republicans pass trap laws that shut down abortion clinics, and pass medically unnecessary regulations for things like forced transvaginal ultrasounds, requiring physicians to read factually inaccurate information sheets to their patients, and enforcing days long waiting periods for a medical procedure.  
  
And I watched when the passage of the Affordable Care Act, a fairly milquetoast bill, result in a massive electoral defeat for the Democratic party, a "shellacking" to borrow President Obama's term.    
  
People talk about Medicare for All like it's a panacea, but M4A *depends* on good faith actors working in the best interest of their constituents.  What happens to M4A when the next Donald Trump rolls around, what happens when Louis Gohmert decides that women on foodstamps shouldn't have their birth control covered, or a Steve King concludes that the only gender related medical expenses covered by M4A should be conversion therapy, or future Mitch McConnell chooses to cut taxes, blow a hole in the debt and deficit, then make budget cuts to M4A to close the gap?  Are these really the people we want making 100% of the health insurance choices for 100% of our citizens?  We'd *hope* that these politicians would pay the electoral consequences for their cuts, but at the same time we're talking about an electorate that cheers things like "BAN NARCAN."  
  
M4A depends on Democrats staying in power for the foreseeable future, and that's just not the country that I know, our political pendulum swings faster than other's.  I just don't like the idea of Donald Trump choosing whether or not I should get a lung transplant or a sugar pill.
Big pharma is monetizing THC in pill form, just like they did heroin with oxycodone.  Even Obama backed off.
This is the part of the issue that bothers me the most: the pill regulates your hormones and thus your  period. That’s it. **It is not directly related to sex/intercourse, birth or babies at all.**
Exactly

Well that and the government can't overcharge our medical insurance companies to the tunes of 1,000%+ price hikes. So that 100$ pill now cost 10,000$. Youre insurance covers a large chunk so you figure hey! I saved! But ultimately a few middle men made a shot tone of money and now everyone's premiums reflect these inflated costs all so a few in the middle and top can live extremely lavishly while you go check to check....


So either trump screwed us because he bought a ton of worthless pills, or he's going to personally loose out because his organization is behind large buys. Most likely both....
If, as they preach, sex is only for procreation, then a pill would not be necessary if God wanted you to have an erection.
As an essential employee making half of what I would with the expanded unemployment, I'll take whatever they'll give me.

Expanded unemployment is good and continue in some way, but it's a hard pill to swallow and should probably taper off in some fashion ($400 instead of $600 for the next 3-6 months, then $200, then gone)
Then he was convinced (and still is) you can just take tablets to cure the virus. He's still lookimg for the miracle pill.
In contract to the headline, his companies DID receive $7m in aid, but those companies are Stage 29 Productions (which isn't exclusively making Dr Phil content - eg. legal drama show Bull) and Peteski Productions which isn't talked about much but apparently has [at least 300 employees](https://payorplay.foxrothschild.com/2017/09/articles/litigation-and-statutory-developments/dr-phil-serves-bitter-pill-to-woman-who-stole-nine-seconds-of-footage/).
The dude is old as fuck. You really think he can even stand on the same stage as a coked up Trump? Jesus Christ people. I have a better chance of getting a girlfriend this year than Biden winning those debates. As usual I’ll be watching clips and videos of all the crying and screaming when Trump wins. The world is not going to end. Both sides are bat shit crazy and they don’t give one crap about you or me. Enjoy the show. Regardless if it’s Trump or Biden, nothing is going to change in our lifetime so take a chill pill and keep on moving on.
The truth is if conservatives abandoned white supremacy, they would have complete control. 

Immigrants lean heavily socially conservative. 

Social progress legitimately mostly happened because conservative parties love to shoot themself in the foot. 

Racism is poison pill for otherwise social conservatives, just like capitalism is a poison pill for pro-life movement, and  religion and strong family ties are a poison pill to capitalism.
WooWEEE,  Skeeter! Pour another beer and pop ‘bother pill fer Dixie, ain’t that right?
Sad but true - in a world with this much information at your fingertips (both fact and fiction) being 'an independent' is a pretty tough pill to swallow. It's not fooling anyone.
Alex Jones told me if I bought his pill, I would be immune to covid.
My dad was a letter carrier for 30 years and the mail was sacred to him. He wouldn’t have stolen someone’s coupon book, let alone something this insidious. 

You’re absolutely right about how ignorant this guy must be too, if he wants to keep his job. The pension prefunding poison pill was all Republicans and if we lose the postal service at some point that will be why.
The cheeto bandito must be impeato! We must #bluenomatterwho until the day we can say, "Mr President, your fired" 

I'm with you on all that tho, the harm reduction aspects of a Biden presidency are real but it's a bitter pill to swallow. I do worry about the same thing, a polished and charismatic Trump would be the end of any more status quo, and that's likely to be what the R's try and pump out.
Is there a pill to avoid even having to hear them? Asking for a friend.
Your submission `AOC believes McConnell is holding back COVID-19 relief bill in 'poison pill' scheme - amNewYork` was automatically removed because `amny.com` is not on our approved source [whitelist](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist). r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source. Domains must:

* Be notable, as defined by our [**domain notability guidelines**](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist). Notable domains will consist of news organizations, research organizations, political advocacy groups, governmental agencies / bodies, and political parties. 
* Contain articles, videos or sound-clips relevant to current US politics
* Contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source. 
* Be accessible at least once **without** paying for a subscription or completing a survey. 

If you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist, please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us. However please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form, we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account. If you submit a spam domain via the form, your account may be reported to the site administrators. To submit a domain for approval [use this form](https://goo.gl/forms/lRQikA1rI0bVbKCl1) and follow the instructions provided


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oh my bad man. I was confused by the crazy pill opener!
A good leader isn't someone who has all the answers and is always right.

A good leader is someone who listens to the input of those around him, unites the people underneath him, and is willing to put their ego aside and change based on that input when it is in the interest of the group as a whole.

I disagree with Biden on a lot of things, I don't think it's possible for someone to see eye-to-eye with everyone, and I don't think he'll ever be my ideal candidate. But despite that, I ***do*** think that he will be a good leader, and I don't think you *need* to agree with your leader on all things so long as they're willing to compromise rather than forcing everything to go their way.

And for this reason, I am much happier to vote for Biden now than I would have been. I was always going to vote blue, because any candidate would be better than trump, but it no longer feels like swallowing a bitter pill. If he can compromise, than so can I, and together we can work to rebuild our nation from the travesty it has become.
I'mma going to red pill ya here for a second to let you know when you are talking trillions of dollars - it is all imaginary. Money is just belief and as long as people believe the US can pay off a trillion dollar loan to itself then it can borrow a trillion dollars. Money is this dumb thing we pass around to each because we both believe in its value.
So you expect me to subsidize the welfare of single childless mothers and their crotch goblins just because you didn’t want to subsidize their fuck pill? Fuck off.
I think it’s more that when one’s party loses the electoral vote but wins the popular vote, it’s a bitter pill. But I agree with your sentiment, that if roles were reversed, opinions would be, too. 

The DNC needs to run a better campaign with a better candidate based on the electoral system. Otherwise, there’s a well-defined remedy for anything written in the Constitution that you don’t like—be convincing in your argument and get an amendment. Not liking the result of the electoral process is NOT an effective argument (and might actually be more of a case for it, imo).
It's also a good example of a poison pill that leads to easy political attacks.  It's far easier to get it done quietly after being elected.

Otherwise you see ads like "Joe Biden wants to give your kids weed"
you can buy the pill at literally any pharmacy
It's almost like neo-liberals haaaate the idea that government can be a mechanism of actual change and not just a rubber stamp for status quo. Modern (sane) values are a function what can be actionable progressive policy. Tough pill to swallow for centrists and neo-libs.
Thats a hard pill to swallow.
Even if the imposition of their religious beliefs interferes on *your* religious and moral beliefs.

Or hell, even on your ability to regulate an irregular period which is why millions of woman take the pill.

Boner pills though? Those are covered.
Let's say I'm Jehovah's Witness and against blood transfusion. Let's say I'm your employer. Do you really want employers denying to pay for certain insurance coverage based on religious exemptions?

What about people that take BC for other reasons? My girlfriend has been taking the pill since a teenager for PCOS
https://www.glamour.com/story/birth-control-pill-designed-to-please-the-pope
&gt;
"In the Catholic Church the rhythm method is an accepted form of birth control," says Sophia Yen, M.D., a gynecologist in California and founder of Pandia Health, "so his thought was that if he could make women's periods rock solid and regular, it would make this method easier to practice [and more appealing to the pope]." 

So birth control is a medically assisted rhythm method.
Its like how the red pill thing comes from a movie written by two trans women. The right though are impulsive thieves. They steal and ruin every progressive cultural artifact they can because they need to appropriate the good will and compassionate sentiment for their own because they lack it entirely. Reactionaries steal the progressive vibe to conceal the utter rot at the heart of their own hateful beliefs.
Yet I can still score insurance coverage for when I need a boner pill. Fella backwards but then again this is America
NO question that a woman should be entirely in complete control of her own body.  
How much would it cost to PRIVATELY provide free birth control pills to anyone who wants it, nationwide? Just The Pill, to start.  
10-or-less budget line items for a year, forget startup costs.
Kids need to be back in public schools next month.  Too many parents are alcoholics and/or pill junkies.  Too many parents simply do not have the time or even the intellectual capacity to oversee the child's learning.  We have kept poorer kids in crummy little apartments and mobile homes 4 months now and it's probably been a hellish experience for a lot of them with little escape or diversion.
&gt; Owners are religious. Employees are religious. The owner's religion trumps the workers. Their religion is subservient to the owners. Some women take birth control pills for medical reasons.   [https://youngwomenshealth.org/2011/10/18/medical-uses-of-the-birth-control-pill/](https://youngwomenshealth.org/2011/10/18/medical-uses-of-the-birth-control-pill/)  The Roberts court is pro corporate and anti worker in every case.
This is a very hard concept for people to grasp.

Something similar: treating chronic pain. Many people are looking for one perfect solution for their chronic pain. One pill, one surgery, one whatever as long as it's simple and 100% effective. But that doesn't exist. So we have to treat it in small increments, layer it on exactly like you suggested.

So you take ibuprofen, that's 10% of the pain gone. You take a nice hot shower, that's 25%. Heating pad, braces, acupuncture, massage, etc. it all adds up. It might not be 100% perfect, but it makes it more bearable.

Those solutions are way better than doing nothing, and we can't just get rid of school forever.
&gt;Fine, but he really wasn't very good for Ohio.

im not a republican and i really hate to say this, but this is a very bad take.  Kasich, like dewine currently, will be looked back upon as a very solid governor even as republicans.  Kasich expanded medicare in the state and brought us a balanced budget.  he opened the doors to medical marijuana although thats a criticism of him is that he didnt outright allow for it.  really, the only big negative that people ding kasich on is the heroin epidemic and not doing enough to stop big pharma/pill mills in the beginning.  i've said previously, kasich and mitt romney could be big problems for the dems because they are/were effective leaders with good policy.  Obamacare is built off of mitt romneys HC plan from like the 90s as an example.
Elon asked him to take the red pill two weeks ago 

Now he’s saying he isn’t taking the red pill

I think he took the red pill
You can’t fix stupid! There is no cure for stupid, no pill that you can prescribe, you’re just STUPID!
Asshole?  By making you buy your own prescription?  Christ, it's not like they're walking into your bedroom and slapping the pill out of your hand.  They're not forcing you to avoid contraception.
They’re clearly not working on him anymore, time to change the pill box homie
BC can cost between $100 to $200 per month, but most are much cheaper than that. 
https://www.credit.com/blog/strange-world-birth-control-pill-prices-68440/

I am a woman and have had birth control tried to be pushed onto me for health reasons. instead of just throwing synthetic birth contol onto women for health issues that can do more harm than good, they should investigate what is causing the issue to begin with. 

And before you sit there and try to tell me that doctors do, they don't. Many women go undiagnosed or undertreated for hypothyroidism, which is a main cause of menstrual issues.
They won't.  When the pill first came out, contraception was still illegal in some states.  Doctors wrote the scrips for acne, menstrual irregularity, etc.
Can't read the article but does this ruling expand past the Hobby Lobby ruling? That case allowed [discrimination against the Plan B Pill and IUD's but not common Birth Control Pills](https://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Politics/DC-Decoder/2014/0710/Hobby-Lobby-101-explaining-the-Supreme-Court-s-birth-control-ruling#:~:text=The%20Hobby%20Lobby%20case%20decided,and%20religion%20in%20public%20life.&amp;text=The%20Supreme%20Court%20ruled%20on,birth%20control%20to%20female%20employees.).  I.E. not required to provide methods that operate after egg fertilization but are required to provide methods that prevent fertilization.

I oppose these decisions and think an employer should not be allowed to impose their personal religious views against otherwise legal activities but I think my question above is an important distinction.
He is a piece of shit.     I'm sad that my parents drank the punch.     They've pushed ALL my family away for not swallowing the pill.     
 It's sad my parents think that trump deserves my families love over the rest of my family.      Like it's worth it to them.
If you believe in the concept of life beginning at the moment of conception (which many religions do), then the morning after pill would certainly qualify as an abortifacient.
Does anyone know if there's a workaround that can be used? [Birth control is an FDA approved medication, and can be prescribed for other reasons other than birth control](https://youngwomenshealth.org/2011/10/18/medical-uses-of-the-birth-control-pill/), which are absolutely none of an employers business.
I don't believe it required employers to cover abortions. My understanding is it required employers to cover all contraceptives, including the morning after pill (which is not an abortion) but some people, religious people specifically, think it causes an abortion.
I wish conservatives could see how counter productive their birth control argument was.  Without insurance a year of the pill can cost $800 contrasted with $450 for an abortion procedure.  It is now more fiscally responsible for these women to become pregnant and abort than it is to take birth control.
by preventing a life from being created that god intended to be created, by using chemical means. 

Even though God also invented those chemicals.

And God instructed that person to take that pill.

So God didn't want that baby either.
I'm aware of what the word means. You're not.

Statutory rape is any sexual encounter where there is no legal or reasonable expectation of consent.

[By the way, I guess this is why you cheer on ol' Silly Willy Clinton so hard? That Red Pill of yours?](https://i.imgur.com/WbeRqQS.png)

&gt; The serious and irrevocable decision to end a pregnancy involves undergoing a significant medical procedure 

Significant?? You take a *fucking pill*!!!!
That's awful. Insurance companies are the scum of the earth. The only people that are worse are opiate distributers. These companies claim no responsibility for the opioid crisis since they werent prescribing meds, but they called pill mills '"whales" 

Other question: you guys still have gas attendants up there? 

I think people in the US would be more in favor of social welfare from the gov if our representatives were not so blatantly corrupt
For sure.  It's as if Kanye is the nihilistic black pill choice from what I can tell.
Pretty sure I know enough about a drug I had to take for 8 years. If he just needed it to focus and read, the pill would be *plenty* enough and a lot easier to do and would look way less suspicious.

Snorting adderall for the rush is not doing anything worthwhile for his speech reading. It’s just doing fucking drugs.
Brazil has been stockpiling it too, I'm sure he took the pill.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.sfchronicle.com/politics/article/California-sues-to-block-more-federal-coronavirus-15392471.php) reduced by 74%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; SACRAMENTO - California is suing to stop a Trump administration regulation that would require states to give more of their federal coronavirus relief money to private schools.

&gt; The lawsuit calls this a poison pill, unfairly limiting how schools can spend the federal coronavirus aid and leaving out numerous low-income students at schools that do not qualify for Title I. &amp;quot;This is going to hurt the children who are most in need, and it&amp;#039;s going to get in the way of critical work to ensure students have food to eat,&amp;quot; Becerra said, referring to the expansion of free meal programs at California schools during the coronavirus pandemic.

&gt; &amp;quot;There is no reasonable explanation for debating the use of federal funding to serve both public and private K-12 students when federal funding, including Cares Act funding, flows to both public and private higher education institutions,&amp;quot; she said in a statement.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/hn6aum/california_sues_to_block_more_federal_coronavirus/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~505211 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **school**^#1 **student**^#2 **federal**^#3 **private**^#4 **state**^#5
I'm from Ohio but know a lot of people from Michigan, have some family there, and the insane conspiratorial crap they believe about her is unending. There's a lot of effort to hurt her. I think partially because the last Michigan Democrat Female Governor is a complete badass so there's already an incredibly insatiable hatred for that type. Lots of men who used to have good lives before the factories closed. Now they're poor, drunk pill poppers who want to blame democrats instead of the capitalist pigs that closed their factories.
Why the fuck would you go through the trouble of *snorting* adderall when it’s so easily accessible in pill form?
Reality is a hard pill for Republicans to swallow.  Their overwhelming cowardice and lack of empathy makes them terrible leaders but hey racism good and abortions bad I guess.
Oh no. Don’t get me wrong. Your comment was fine.  I just meant is my comment saying she was doing “La Tigra”, one of zoolander’s other poses, sexist. 

You’re cool. Also both poses are the same damn pose.  I feel like I’m taking crazy pill here.
I didn't mean to come off hostile, it's difficult to convey intent through text, I was just speaking. I enjoy seeing the thoughts or explanations of others. It's how we learn and have a greater understanding of things. 

It's just sad that giving that kind of power and money to a lot (not all) of seemingly shitty people that don't want to take care of their workers (which in turn is good for business) on their own dime, that they made off the backs of those same workers, is the solution. It is a shitty pill to swallow. It's hard to believe that this was the best solution for our economy, rather than it being the best solution for the 1% while also helping the economy as a bonus.
I remember one book (Bitter Pill?) that extensively discussed Obama's claim that "If you like your health insurance, you can keep your health insurance" like it was the scandal of the century. Meacham's book about 41 talked about Iran Contra in a similarly breathless manner. But nothing I had ever seen as a student of US history prepared me for the level of lying and graft in the present administration. It's entirely different from anything in our lifetime.
That is not the case with the bills posted here. They’re votes on the issues that the parties disagree on and they get the votes they do just because their respective bases support/oppose those bills.

There isn’t a “poison pill”, for example, in the “For The People’s Act” because Democrats support voting reform and security while Republicans do not.
This is one he can't escape from. There's no way to spin this as anything other than irresponsible behavior from the Commander in Chief possibly resulting in more deaths of service members. Even the old white dudes from flyover states are going to have a hard time swallowing this pill.
As a sole proprietor of a niche retail business, for the longest time I didn’t hear of any program for me outside of loans with interest. I didn’t apply for unemployment because I moved my inventory online and was attempting to keep sales going. After the first month of feeling left out of each new bill I just gave up and decided to not continue to pursue it. I’m still here but it was damn hard, so hard. And I don’t want to be open right now with cases going up but I need the money and there’s so much pressure from customers. It makes me sick to think these politicians completely fucked me and people like me and then tried to hide it. I’ve always known that’s how the system is rigged but this time it was an extra hard pill to swallow
Serious answer,  it's loaded to the gills with retirees.  The state caters to them.

Also,  Miami has a large Cuban contingent,  which tend to vote on the right,  and Florida itself has a massive latino population,  which trends more Republican than Latinos in other states. 

Racism is rampant,  corruption is rampant,  sunshine laws make all arrests public,  drug abuse is rampant (pill mills), wealth disparity is huge,  and upward mobility is lacking.
It's a trap for Democrats.

McConnell wants Pelosi and the Dems in the House to be begging for these stimulus checks and other goodies so that he can "reluctantly" cave and give them what they want.

Result?  Massive one-time stimulus right before the election that gives rural Trump voters free rent and a check for $2k.  How are they not going to vote for the guy once that arrives in the mailbox?

The Dems think that people will give credit to the House and therefore to Dems, but regular people - especially swing voters - barely understand how a law is passed at all, let alone where to apportion credit.  They will give the credit to Trump, and the taxpayer will get to pay for that.  

Pelosi should "poison-pill" any bill re stimulus that comes through the House.  That means bootstrapping a repeal of Qualified Immunity, or something similar (federal law requiring all executive branch officials to respond to Congressional subpoena within 48 hours or face criminal penalties with a SOL of 2 years?)

No free giveaways.  Let this administration deal with the anger and pain that flow from its bad decision making, and then let the voters decide whether they have had enough or if they want a redux.
Exactly. Protesting made people aware that we have to do something to change the system. It was like a red pill to awake from the illusion that everything was fine.

It wasn't.
To be clear, that's objectively false.

Trump (and the like) are universally viewed by experts as good for profits in the short term, but a poison pill for the long term. Deregulation is a quick way to squeeze profits out of existing corporations, but as deregulation is bad for employees, the environment, and the long term bottom line for corporate entities, it's not something you want to stick with long term.
You've finally recognized a major issue here, at least. Even if you're denying its existence. And that is that:

Women. Are. Resources. In polygamous societies. Monogamy protects women from commodification, and protects men from commodification, like those frustrated hordes of bachelors you've disparaged - who have been made so because the distinction between resource hoarding and mate pairings has been erased.

Polygamous marriage is a frightening outlet for vast resource disparities to manifest itself. I'm not talking about "Chads" and "hypergamy" here - Chad may have his fun when the ladies of Bezos' harem sneak out for a rendezvous, but I'm not invoking "red pill" theories of sexual proclivity.

What I am stating, emphatically, is that monogamy is a great stabilizing force in society - however imperfect it may be. Its tendency is to mute the disparities of wealth and power. Polygamy, in practice, transactionalizes marriage around resources. A process that monogamy mutes, though it doesn't fully eliminate, since the rich can't just buy more partners, and the poor can, with some effect, substitute devotion to each other for the material resources they may lack at the moment.
You could say the same about organizations, media, politicians, addressing police brutality for YEARS. It’s alarming when blacks and liberals are praising criminals and cause riots throughout the whole country in an instant due to a rare case of police brutality, but are silent as a mouse when innocent lives are taken by their own just because it’s a hard pill to swallow. That old white couple who held guns in front of their property because they were scared of 200 protestors breaking down private gates and being intimidating was on every single media website, channel, and all over reddit. It was talked about and used for the blm/liberal agenda. This girl dies from a gun shot from the same people protesting for blm, and theirs maybe 5 posts with less than a hundred views smh. If you don’t see the manipulation for political agenda and hypocrisy, then you have a problem.
Because it would hurt people who need assistance greater than how ever much UBI is.  Inflation would immediately eat it, especially when it comes to housing.

I've already personally seen it happen around military bases.  Land lord know how much Basic Allowance for Housing is and thus raise prices accordingly.

This is also a poison pill plot by corporations to stop providing for retirement and health care for their employees.   Saw the same thing happen when the ACA was enacted.
Maintenance high. That's a new one to me. Explains the medical checkup shenanigans.

Also, I thought adderall was a pill. Why not just eat the pill?

OH! Wait. Now I'm remembering his child-like way of sipping water. He's probably incapable of doing that, so snorting it would actually be easier. It's all coming together. His anxiety is getting worse as the election draws near, and apparently you're not meant to take Adderall with high anxiety so that's why he's started falling apart.
There are more studies that say the opposite and like I said one was the FDA. The FDA would have loved to have it to be correct and yet they couldn’t find evidence that it helped. 

I wish there was a magic pill right now but there isn’t one and the hospitals are filling up so that proves that isn’t not 99% harmless.
I had a guy with a massive dental infection walk into 7-11, apologized sincerely to the girl behind the counter, told her that he was going to be stealing a beer and some medication (Advil) and to please call the sheriff's and let them know that he would be waiting out front and that he wasn't armed and didn't want to hurt anyone. He was in excruciating pain- the hospital sent him out with a prescription that he couldn't afford to pay for (antibiotics) and refused him any pain medication even though his face/cheek looked GREEN from the swelling. It is inhumane that dental care in this country is only for the rich- don't even get me started on that.

But anyway, her 911 call was like "I'm really sorry, I'm not sure if it was a joke... But this is what just happened..." - she was young and couldn't comprehend a person "robbing" her store by apologizing, and then taking advil and beer.

We felt horrible; to book him, because he had a fever from the infection (again- I was irate that the hospital let this man walk out knowing he was so I'll and had NO MEANS to get a dentist or to pay for anything- and that they hadn't even given him a single pain pill... I ended up giving the patient advocate and nursing supervisors an earful over the whole thing). 

But he was despirate just to get to jail and he was really upset the clerk didn't want to press charges. With it being under $100 - it didn't have to be charged... But he begged, and we contacted the DA who agreed to drop the charges... AFTER he was treated. 

I've never seen someone so relieved. And the first thing I did was drive him to the OTHER hospital across the county- and I told the doctors "I need to to treat this man, and START with pain meds". When the morphine kicked in, the man cried and thanked me. He said he had been to the hospitals 5 times and not one person had EVER offered him help for his pain, not even Advil. Infuriating. 

Anyway, we did end up taking him to jail, and the day after he was booked, he had surgery on the state's dime. I saw him weeks later, and he AGAIN apologized for committing a "crime"- and I found out from the girl at the 711- he went back and paid for the beer and Advil (in change) days after his surgery. 

The man was a really sweet guy, he lost his wife and child in a house fire and had been homeless and unable to work because of depression ever since. It's not okay that society let's people like him just end up in that situation. :-(
Because he is still in the "I can be an example of good black people and change their minds" mode.  I remember it well.  I had that mindset for maybe 15 years.  It took watching how racists in the GOP treated Obama and disrespected him , while GOP leaders that I respected and thought were not racists remained silent, to finally kill off that mindset for good.

It is a hard pill to swallow when you realize that no matter how non-racist some GOP leaders claim to be, it is MORE IMPORTANT to them to keep the support for their racist base than to make minorities who share many of the GOP values to feel welcome in their party.  

My bet is that part of the reason Rep Hurd might be resigning is that he finally picked up a glass of water and washed that pill down.
He has access to Modafinil from the military.  You know he must have tried it at least once:

&gt; In the United States military, modafinil has been approved for use on certain Air Force missions, and it is being investigated for other uses.[19] As of November 2012, modafinil is the only drug approved by the Air Force as a "go pill" for fatigue management (replacing prior use of amphetamine-based medications such as dextroamphetamine).[20]


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modafinil
Simple, the fight for $15 has become too popular to bottle up entirely so Biden is doing the next best thing(for corporate donors), he’s using it to pass a poison pill. His plan is to tie future increases in the minimum wage to the medium hourly wage, problem there is that an increased minimum causes the hourly wages of skilled labor to be increased. So if the rise in skilled labor hourly in inherently tied to the rise in the minimum then tying the rise of the minimum to the rise of the medium makes a feedback loop of poverty. Might be a different story if it were tied to salaried workers or if it were tied to cost of living - only reasonable option imo.
Nor that the us had segregation afterwards, trying to “red pill” with monuments..

There should be museums documenting it all, displaying the destroyed monuments of fascism, but don’t deface them too much or else people will have a hard time imagining how they actually looked, leave half the face f.e. Simply to show what artistry was used to color the confederate past.
\&gt;If I had been drinking throughout, I'd have been committed by now.

Right?!

I quit smoking and drinking and pill-popping in 2016 (kratom in 2017) because Trump won and my form of protest was to make sure my life got better in any way it possibly could while he was in office.  (I have zero self-control so this sobriety is actually a miracle).
This time we won’t need to pretend they’re part of the solution and let them stall, water down, poison pill and then vote against every measure we try to pass. Win the Senate. End the filibuster. Shove the GOP caucus so far out the fucking way they can’t even get on TV in a hearing room. They are not part of the solution, they are the problem. They rolled Obama when he reached a hand out to them in 2009. Never again. Treat them like the fucking traitors and vandals that they are.
As a very slight, tiny glimmer of hope I offer a personal anecdote. My wife and I hammered the dog piss out of her parents after the 2016 election for their trump support. They were definitely in the “just want change” group. They didn’t even know about some of his worst shit, (thanks faux news) we even threatened to withhold access to their grandson if they didn’t recant. In the end we choose to stick together as an uneasy agree to disagree family instead of the nuclear grandson option. These days I have to leave the room when politics come up but my saint of a wife has kept slowly working on her dad especially. Just being open to answer questions and kindly positing other viewpoints and pointing out to him how his good natured ideals don’t line up with the gop rhetoric. He has started asking questions that reveal his change in attitude towards trump. We’ve realized that while they may have both changed their mind about their trump support, because we hammered them so hard in the beginning, it’s now a pretty big pride pill to swallow to come out against him. 

My personal double standard is showing a bit here because I’m strongly in the fuck these bystander facists and racists camp but clearly I held back for family...
When you've had American exceptionalism shoved up your ass your entire life, it's a hard pill to swallow when you discover that:  


* The USA is not the greatest country in the world.
* You are not special and amazing just because of where your mom shat you out.
* There are other countries on earth where people happier, healthier, freer, and more socially mobile than you.  Several of them, in fact.

So just going into complete denial is a popular strategy, hence this fucknut.
Doctor Pill Pusher himself!
maybe it's true. maybe it's not. I treat Kanye's mind as a case-to-case situation, because his mind can change a lot.

&amp;#x200B;

 [https://www.okayplayer.com/music/kanye-west-make-america-great-again-hat-glc-the-red-pill-podcast-with-van-lathan.html](https://www.okayplayer.com/music/kanye-west-make-america-great-again-hat-glc-the-red-pill-podcast-with-van-lathan.html)
He cares about attention more than anything.

I don't doubt he may also want to help Trump get elected though, especially after Elon's "take the red pill" nonsense. 

Such a shame this is even a conversation.
&gt;	Everybody is educated to become a hero. “In Ur-Fascist ideology, heroism is the norm. This cult of heroism is strictly linked with the cult of death.”

Umberto Eco, *Ur-Fascism*.

The life of a conservative man is a life of perpetual struggle. They’re raised to think they’re barbarians, conquerors, and crusaders. They must impose their will or their will will be imposed upon. This is in all facets of life, public and private. Every transaction is a battle, every compromise is a defeat. They cannot grasp that everyone is not like them. To the conservative man, a lesbian couple doesn’t want a cake, a lesbian couple wants to destroy his business, destroy his church, and steal hide wife and daughter to their perversions.

Whenever they say die donation laws aren’t necessary and the free market will decide, they’re lying. They are completely and fully aware that if those laws are rolled back, they will discriminate against other groups until it is socially acceptable to kill them. That’s the idea. Having *those people* around is a constant threat thst chafes them.

Same thing for every other kind of regulation. They know their arguments are all specious. They know the history behind those laws. They don’t care, and the arguments they make are willful lies. They want to go back to meat packing plants letting severed human appendages stay in the ground beef and pills full of radium to treat impotence. They are heroes, and heroes never eat the long pork burgers or get duped into a poison pill or impaled by the steering column in an unsafe car. They just make money on those things.
Please don't start with the "get in line" bull crap. People will swallow the pill and vote for Biden, but that doesn't mean they can't hold his feet to the fire.
